英语单项选择题题库(660题）
一
1. Unfortunately, when I dropped in, Doctor Li _____ for Beijing to join in the fight again SARS, so we only had time for a few words.
  A. just left         B. has just left      C. is just leaving       D. was just leaving 
2．He hasn't come yet．What do you consider _______ to him？ 
A．happens       B．has happened       C．happening         D．to happen 
3. ______ is known to us all is that China has launched Shenzhou V spaceship successfully.
A. That        B. What           C. It           D. As
4. —You've made great progress in your studies of English, haven't you?
—Yes, but much        .
A. remains to do         B. is remained to do   C. remains to be done            D. is remained to be done
5. ______ that the South African writer John Coetzee won the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2003.
  A. They’re reported          B. He’s reported  C. We’er reported           D. It’s reported
6. ______ the Atlantic Ocean crosses the equator, the trade winds cause a flow of water to the west. 
A. That       B. When        C. Where       D. Though 
7. — You can't finish the book in less than an hour,I suppose?
—        .
A. Yes, I'm sure I can      B. No, hardly  C. Sorry, I can't        D. I don't think I can
8. It's impossible for all the people to get jobs because         of them are not fit for them.
A. none          B. all          C. not all         D. every one
9. — When will you leave for Paris for a visit?
—        next month.
A. Until         B. After          C. At          D. In
10. The two old sisters，_______ so long，held each other and burst into tears．
  A．being separated     B．having been separated  C．having separated      D．had been separated 
11. Never _______ forget the days when _______  together with you． 
  A．shall I；I lived   B．shall I；did I live   C．I shall；I lived        D．I shall；did I live 
12. Why didn't you tell me there was no meeting today? I _____ all the way here _____the heavy snow. 
A. needn't have driven；through   B. can't have driven；across
C. mustn't have driven；through   D. shouldn't have driven；cross 
13．It was the training _______ he had at school _______  made him good jumper． 
  A．what；what      B．that；that   C．what；that       D．that；had 
14. It was _____ great shock to the world that two airplanes crashed into _____ World Trade Centre in New York on Sept．11． 
A．a；／        B．the；the           C．a；the            D．／；the 
15. For quite _____ students，their teacher's advice is more important than _____ of their parents'． 
A．few；one       B．a few；that   C．a little；some          D．a lot；many 


答案及解析

1.D。 动词时态的考查。当我去看他时，他正要去北京参加抗击非典，所以只跟他说了几句话。情景是他正要去。又因为come，leave，arrive等动词的进行时表将来时，故答案为D.
2. B。 本题是“特殊疑问词 + do you consider／suppose／think／believe．．．+ 陈述语序的句子其它成分”结构。根据第一句，可知强调了对现在的影响，故用现在完成时。学生易错选A、C。误选C是因为consider后应接动词ing形式，而忽略了句子的结构，即没有考虑到consider后面接的是宾语从句，从句的主语是what，缺少的是从句的谓语；选A是因为没有考虑到从句的时态应该用现在完成时。 
3. B。 此题考查主语从句，其主语从句缺少主语，What在此等于the thing which，故选B项。
4. C。 remain作系动词用，本身不用于被动语态，有时与不定式的被动结构构成合成谓语，意为“尚待”。如：A number of problems remain to be solved.
5. D。 It’s reported 意为“据报道”，it为形式主语，后面的that从句才是真正的主语。如果要用选项A、B、C表示“据报道” 的话，那它们后面只能跟不定式。
6. C。 考核点是状语从句。从句子结构上判断，有划线的那一分句属于状语分句，从句子意义上判断，该分句应为地点状语，故而答案应为C。 
7. A。 问句为否定疑疑问句，回答该用Yes或No开头，B项结构不完整，其完整形式应该是：No, I can hardly finish it.
8. B。 not与all连用为部分否定，表示“并非所有的……都……”；D项中every one与not连用也可表示部分否定，但谓语动词要用单数。
9. B。 next month是时间点，不是时间段，“after + 时间点”可用于将来时，表示某一特定时间之后。此处如果不用介词，则表示“下个月”；用了after，则表示“下个月以后”。until在肯定句中要与延续性动词连用。
10. B。 现在分词的完成被动式作原因状语，说明发生在谓语动词所表示的动作之前的被动动作。 
11. A。 否定副词never放于句首，构成倒装句，时间状语应用陈述语序。 
12. A。 needn't have done表示“做了不必要做的事情”。can't have done表示对过去情况的推测， 意为“不可能发生了某事”。mustn't have done 无此用法。shouldn't have done表示“本不应该做的事而做了”。 
13. B。 第一空白处的that为关系代词，引导定语从句；第二空白处的that为强调结构连词。 
14. C。 世贸大厦是由普通名词构成的专有名词，其前应使用定冠词。shock在这里意指“令人震惊的事”，为可数名词。
15. B。 quite后应接a few。advice为不可数名词，使用that替代。 



二
例: It is generally considered unwise to give a child_________ he or she wants.
  	A. however      	B. whatever       	C. whichever  	D. whenever
1. I will never know what was on his mind at the time, nor will________.
   	A. anyone         	B. anyone else    	C. no one  	D. no one else
2. --- I don't mind telling you what I know.
    --- You             . I'm not asking you for it.
 	A. mustn't      	B. may not       	C. can't   	D. needn’t
3.           I accept that he is not perfect, I do actually like the person.
   	A. While    	B. Since         	C. Before     	D. Unless
4. He got to the station early,____________ missing his train.
  	A. in case of  	B. instead of     	C. for fear of      	D. in search of
5. The man insisted________ a taxi for me even though I told him I lived nearby.
	A. find    	B. to find        	C. on finding    	D. in finding
6. More patients ___________ in hospital this year than last year.
   	A. treated   	B. have treated    	C. had been treated  	D. have been treated
7. Tom owns _______larger collection of _______ books than any other student in our class.
  	A. the; 不填       	B. a; 不填     	C. a; the        	D. 不填; the
8. -- You haven't lost the ticket, have you?
-- _________. I know it's not easy to get another one at the moment.
	A. I hope not   	B. Yes, I have   	C. I hope so    	D. Yes, I’m afraid so
9. It's ten years since the scientist _______on his life's work of discovering the valuable chemical.
    A. made for   	B. set out        	C. took off         	D. turned up
10. A man is being questioned in relation to the ________ murder last night.
    A. advised     	B. attended         C. attempted      	D. admitted
11. The old man, ____________abroad for twenty years, is on the way back to his motherland.
    A. to work    	B. working    	C. to have worked   	D. having worked
12. The____________ house smells as if it hasn't been lived in for years.
A. little white wooden      	B. little wooden white
C. white wooden little      	D. wooden white little
13.  ________ is often the case, we have worked out the production plan.
   	A. Which       	B. When       	C. What           	D. As
14. Sales of CDs have greatly increased since the early 1990s, when people_____ to enjoy the advantages of this new technology.
   	A. begin        	B. began     	C. have begun     	D. had begun
15. ----How long are you staying?
    ----I don't know.___________.
	A. That's OK    	B. Never mind   	C. It depends   	D. It doesn't matter
参考答案1—5 BDACC      6—10 DBABC     11—15 DADBC    
三
1.	Tom’s fame has spread well ___________ the walls of his college.
	A. across	B. through	C. beyond	D. over
2.___________ the cost, the project will take a lot of time as well.
	A. Other than	B. Except for	C. In addition	D. Apart from
3.I have done most of the housework. Would you please finish ___________？
 	A. the other	B. the others     	C. the rest        	D. another
4. For years scientists have been worried about the ___________ of air pollution on the earth’s natural conditions. 
	A. effect	B. result	C. account	D. cause 
5.	As people want to ___________ their ideas ___________ quickly when talking on line, a lot of short forms are used. 
A. get; through	B. get; over	C. get; across	D. get; out
6.The next step in exploring ___________ outer space might be sending people there in ___________ spaceship.
	A.不填; a	B. 不填; 不填	C. the; 不填	D. the; the 
7.	___________ a room in the hotel, Mr. Wood went out for a walk around the small town. 
	A. Taking	B. Taken	C. To take	D. Having taken
8.	By reading the story, you may understand ___________ to be successful. 
A. it takes what	B. you take what   	C. what takes you	D. what it takes
9.	___________ the problem of land erosion getting more serious, the government is searching for a way to deal with it. 
	A. As	B. With	C. When	D. If
10.	Some people against toll booths (收费站) argue that roads, once ___________, should be free. 
	A. building	B. built	C. having built	D. being built
11.	— Hello, Rosa! I heard you went to New Jersey. 
— I ___________ away for a week. But I’m back now. 
	A. am	B. have been	C. was	D. had been
12. 	— Mum, it’s none of my business. Why ___________ I care? 
   	— Just because she is your sister. 
 	 A. can	B. should	C. will	D. may
13.	I can say nothing — we haven’t ___________ to any decision on the matter now. 
    A. come	B. got	C. turned	D. gone
14.	It was in the evening ___________ the hurricane struck the area.
		A. while	B. that	C. as	D. until 
15.	I first met John at my sister’s wedding. He ___________ with the bridegroom at the time.
	A. talked  	B. was talking    	C. had talked     	D. had been talking

参考答案1~5 CDCAC   6~10 ADDBB   11~15 CBABB

四
1．Although he knew ___ little about ___ large amount of work done in the field ,he succeeded where more well-informed experimenters failed.
       A．a ; the                B．the ; a                 C．a ; 不填              D．不填 ; the
2．—I didn’t know you were good friends .
—You             .I have known her since she moved here. You  were studying abroad then.
       A．may have            B．needn’t have        C．couldn’t have       D．must have
3．I wonder what will become of my daughter.           endless homework ,she also bears other leading loads such as revision and recitation.
       A．As well as           B．With                    C．Except                D．Rather than
4．Nearly all trees have seeds that fall to the ground ,        ,and eventually produce new seeds.
       A．taking root           B．take root              C．took root             D．to take root
5．How did you like the            of the interpreter（口译员）at the Chinese FM press conference of 6-party talks on TV?
       A．performance        B．achievement         C．material               D．words
6．—Have you persuaded him?
—Yes .After some hours of discussion, I                to reason him in accepting the new plan.
       A．had managed       B．would manage      C．have managed      D．managed
7．           you keep on trying ,I don’t really mind whether you can come top in your class.
       A．So long as          B．As soon as          C．Once                  D．The moment
8．If you            be in time for the early bus ,be sure to get up before five o’clock in the morning. 
       A．are to                 B．are about to         C．are going to        D．are due to 
9．Clothing made of man-made fibres has certain advantages over           made of natural fibres like cotton ,wool or silk.
       A．the ones             B．one                    C．that                     D．what 
10． Children brains cannot develop          they lack protein(蛋白质).
       A．since                   B．when                  C．because               D．unless
11．Persons with whom we can      our innermost feelings are our closest friends.
       A．tell                      B．value                   C．share                  D．respect
12．Without facts ,we can’t form a correct opinion ,for we need to have actual knowledge         our thinking.
       A．which to be based on                           B．which to base on
       C．on which to base                                 D．which to base
13．They            all the details of the plan time and again to make sure that the project went smoothly.
       A．got through         B．went through       C．got over              D．dipped into
14．—Nothing wrong with it ,       ?
    —No .Yours is a specially-built model. Drive carefully ,though .It takes time to run in a new car.
       A．is it                    B．has it                  C．are they               D．is there
15．—Got your driving license?
—No .I           too busy to have enough practice, so I didn’t take the driving test last week .I’m going to next week.
       A．was                   B．have been            C．am                      D．had been
参考答案1．D  2．C  3．A  4．B  5．A  6．D   7．A  8．A  9．C  10．B  11．C  12．C  13．B 14．D  15．D 

五
 1. --- I have just had my watch repaired.
   --- How much did they         for that?
    A. cost           B. charge        C. spend           D. take
2. --- It’s been a wonderful Halloween Party. Thank you very much.
    ---         . 
A. My pleasure            B. I’m glad to hear that.
C. No, thanks             D. It’s OK
3. --- How about the book you are reading?
    --- Good indeed. It         many problems we have come across in our study.
    A. says           B. talks         C. covers          D. refers
4. The room is in a terrible mess; it _______ cleaned.
    A. can’t have been                  B. couldn’t be
    C. may have been                   D. would be
5. He        the test, but he wasn't careful enough.
    A. was able to pass                 B. must have passed
    C. could have passed               D. might be able to pass
6. I have kept that picture _____ I can see it every day as it always reminds me of my university days in London.
    A. in which       B. where         C. whether         D. when
7. He expected there ______ more room for him to put in a desk.
    A. will be        B. is            C. to be           D. being
8. The sports meet, originally due to be held last Friday, was finally _____ because of the bad weather.
    A. set up         B. broken down   C. worn out        D. called off
9. Ants are the most common life form on earth, _____ tiny, their combined weight is greater than that of the combined weight of all humans.
    A. though         B. although       C. even though    D. as if
10. Xiamen is        most beautiful coast city and I believe I will come for______ second time.
    A. the, an        B. a, a          C. the, the        D. a, the
11. Our team was ahead during the first half, but we _____ in the last ten minutes.
  A. had lost       B. would lose    C. were losing    D. lost
12. With a lot of difficult problems        , the manager felt like a cat on hot bricks.
    A. to settle      B. settling      C. settled      D. being settled
13. People think that the beauty of the mountains is great than _____ of the desert.
    A. one            B. the one       C. those         D. that
14. Driving a car is not as difficult as you imagine, if you          the rules.
    A. depend on      B. believe in    C. turn to       D. stick to
15. Would you please make a copy for everybody in the office and _____ extra ones for the visitors?
    A. other          B. many          C. few            D. some
参考答案1.B  2.A  3.C  4.A  5.C  6.B  7.C  8.D  9.A  10.B  11.D  12.A  13.D  14.D   15.D 

六
1. Some doctors were sent to the front where medical workers were __________.
   A. in great need   B in desperate need of   C needed great   D needed in 
2. ——The police have caught the murderer.
——Yes, and he admitted ____his boss on a rainy night seven years ago.
A. to kill    B to have killed   C having killing   D have been killed
3. ——Did you reach the top of the mountain?
—— Yes. Even I myself didn’t believe I could make_____.
   A. that   B. it   C. myself  D. them
4. The Chinese are good at table tennis ____the English are interested in football.
   A. if   B as   C while    D since
5. Was it in front of the market____ the road accident happened yesterday?
   A. where    B that   C which   D why
6. ——I’m sorry that I didn’t work out this problem. 
——It’s _____our ability. I didn’t worked it out, too.  
A over   B beyond  C more than  D above
7. Since I won the big prize, my telephone hasn’t stopped ringing. People ____to ask how I am going to spend the money.
   A. had phoned   B. will phone   C. were phoning   D. are phoning
8. He didn’t like coffee ___tea, but water.
A. and   B or  C. but  D. with
9.    It is better to ask someone for advice rather than ___something.
A. risk doing   B risk to do   C to risk doing  D.  to risk to do
10.     ——Your neighbors may _____you  with  playing your radio too loudly at night.
  ——I know. They never say anything that ______ me especially.
A.      accuse, appeals to  B charge, appeal to  C. charge, appeals to  D. blame, appeals to
11.     I spoke that slowly but I didn’t _____my meaning ______.
A. come…across   B. get…across    C. get…about   D. get…ahead
12.     If ____, the bird flu would produce a powerful poison that would kill the patients.
A. not treat   B not treated   C untreated   D. Both B and C
13.     Johnny is a great dancer; he _____above the rest for his perfect performance.
A. stands by    B stands for   C stands out  D. makes for
14.     This race was her last chance to win a place on the national team so everything was ______.
   A. dangerous    B. in stake   C. at stake   D. in charge
15.     He studied very hard all the time because he didn’t want to _____in his studies.
   A. fall behind   B. be left behind   C. left behind   D. Both A and B 
参考答案1-5 ACBCB   6-10 BDBCC  11-15 BDCCD

七
1. Don’t be afraid. Although you are _____ newcomer to _____ botany, we will try our best to help you.
   A. the ; a          B. a; the            C. a ; /              D. / ; /
2. To understand the grammar of the sentence, you must break it ______ into parts.
   A. down          B. up               C. off               D. out 
3. Shenzhou VI , ______ on Oct, 12, 2005, has greatly inspired the whole nation.
   A. launched       B. to be launched      C. being launched     D. launching 
4. ---What’s wrong with your coat?
   ---Just now when I wanted to get off the bus, the man next to me ______ on it .
     A. sat          B. had sat            C. had been sitting     D. was sitting
5.---I can’t thank you enough for the beautiful gift you sent me .
  ---__________.
   A. No, thanks     B. With pleasure       C. My pleasure       D. Just so-so
6. ---You should have prepared your speech for the meeting, Mr. Smith.
   ---Yes, I know. But how could I _____ the meeting date fixed so soon.
   A. while         B. as                 C. after             D. with 
7.--- Is the television advertisement working ? 
  ---Yes, ______ orders are coming.
   A. None         B. Some              C. More             D. Fewer
8.---What will you buy for your husband’s birthday ?
  ---I want to buy a _____ wallet for him.
  A. black leather small                    B. small black leather 
  C. small leather black                    D. black small leather
9.Well, if you insist on eating so much, you will have to suffer the _____.
  A. consequences   B. exercise            C. evidence          D. exchanges 
10.It is agreed that constant arguing doesn’t _____ a happy marriage.
  A. make out      B. make for            C. make up          D. make up for 
11. Helen was much kinder to her youngest son than to the others,      , of course , made the others envy him . 
	A. who      	B. that       	C. what            D. which
12. What surprised me was not what he said but          he said it .
	A. the way 	B. in the way that       C. in the way 	D. the way which 
13. ---Is John coming by train ?
   ---He should , but he _____ not .He likes driving his car.
   A. must         B. can                C. need             D. may 
14. Maybe you have been to many countries, but nowhere else _____ such a beautiful palace.
   A. can you find   B. you could find         C. you can find      D. could you find
15.If no one ______ the lost umbrella, the person who found it can keep it .
  A. claims        B. demands             C. asks             D. deserves 
参考答案1-15 CBADC  DCBAB   DADAA

八
1. Beth _______ her coat with red buttons on it at the Lost and Found.
A. proved   		B. claimed   		C. identified   	D. sorted
2.The notice hanging on the front wall is meant to ____ the unwanted visitors, especially at working hours.
A. keep up    B.  keep off    C.  keep from    D . keep out
3. We insisted that the meaningless argument ________.
A. should bring to an end				B. was brought to an end
C. might come to an end					D. come to an end
4. ________ let the fake products become uncontrolled in the market.
A. In certain circumstances we can    		B. In no circumstance can we
C. Under any circumstances we can       D. Under no circumstances can we 
5. We ______ certain livings as birds not because they have long legs or short legs, but because they all have feathers. 
A. think   		 B. classify   	 C. look   		D. divide
6. He is reading a note _________ the present from his grandfather with passion.
  	A. attaching with   B. attaching on    C. attached to    D. attached for 
7.The flood of 1988 ________ much damage in that area.
   A. rounded up      B. made for       C . went for      D. reacted to 
8. The two brothers look so much _______ that we can’t _______ one from the other.
   A. familiar; separate		B. familiar; tell   C. alike; differ		D. alike; distinguish
9. Without facts, we cannot form a worthwhile opinion, for we need to have factual knowledge ______ our thinking.
A. which to base on         			B. which to be based on
C. to which to be based on    			D. upon which to base
10.  _____ is announced in today’s paper, China has succeeded in launching the second manned spacecraft Shenzhou 6. 
A. It   				B. That  			C. What  		D. As  
11. As long as the sun shines, the earth will not _____ energy.
A. short of   			B. be lack of   	C. run out of   	D. in need of  
12. Both ____ and _____ laughter do harm to your health.
A .burst out crying ; burst into      		B. to burst out tears ; to burst into
C. bursting into tears; bursting into   		D. bursting into crying ;  bursting out
13. Danby left word with my secretary _____ he would call again this afternoon.
A. who  				B. that  			C. as  			D. which
14. _______his age, he did it quite well, so don’t _____him any more. 	
A. Considered; scold  B. Concerned; say   C. Given; blame	 D. Considering; speak
15. ---- I have some trouble with this problem. Could you do me a favour?
----- Sorry, you may turn to him. He has been ______ and he may know how to solve it.
A. experience    		B. expert  		C. skill   		D. around
参考答案1—5 BDDDB    6—10 CBDDD  11—15 CCBCD

九
1. ---- I haven’t found any money though I’ve searched the drawer bottom up.
   ---- Then, I’m afraid there is ______ left.
  A. nothing		B. no one		C. none		D. neither
2. The novel “The Da Vinci Code” ______ a great success and was translated into 44 languages in 2004.
  A. appreciated		B. enjoyed		C. won		D. seized
3. ______ is reported in the newspaper is that seventeen climbers have been killed in the snow tsunami.
  A. It		B. As	C. What		D. That
4. This is the small house less than 15 square meters, under ______ roof lives a large family of three generations.
  A. which		B. that		C. its		D. whose
5. From the top of the building, you can see at least ______ distance of 100 kilometers on ______ clear day.
  A. a; the		B. /; a		C. the; a		D. a; a
6. ---- Did you pass the driving test?
   ---- No. I ______ it, but I had little time practising.
  A. could have passed		B. must have passed
  C. can’t have passed		D. shouldn’t have passed
7. ---- Have you ever visited the Opera House?
   ---- Yes. When I was in Sydney, I ______ it twice.
  A. have visited		B. visited		C. had visited		D. would visit
8. He once worked in a company, ______ he went abroad for further study.
  A. from which		B. after that		C. after which		D. from this
9. I haven’t seen ________ Maggie since I came here.
A. as lovely a girl as	B. so a lovely girl as     C. girl as lovely as	D. as a lovely girl as
10. A cup of water          you will feel better.
A. or	B. but	C. so	D. and
11. Take an umbrella when you go to Guangzhou because it rains _____ there.  　A. many times　　 B. frequently 　　C. over again　　 D. enough  12. Let’s hope the fine weather ______ for Sunday’s camping trip.
  A. keeps up	B. picks up	C. carries on	D. puts up 
13. _______ two compositions to write, you have to work really hard this weekend.
  A. With	B. Besides	C. As for	D. Because of
14. The fruit _______ fresh in his fruit stand sells well.
  A. looking	B. looked	C. look	D. to be looked 
15. To his disappointment, the opinion he had stuck ______ out wrong.
  A. to turn	B. to turning	C. to turned	D. to be turned
参考答案：1-5. CBCDD  6-10. ABCAD   11-15. BAAAC

十
1．Listen to her carefully . Her voice        well .
	A．records 	B．is recorded 	C．is recording 	D．recorded 
2．I was        my topic when I realized that he had        the point of my last one .
	A．at the point of changing ; got 	B．on the point of changing ; lost 
	C．at the point where changing ; missed 	D．on the point of changing ; missed 
3．When people move to another country , they often try        the customs of their native land .
	A．keeping on 	B．to keep off 	C．to keep up 	D．keeping up 
4．Although punctual himself , the professor was quite used        late for his lecture .
	A．to have students 		B．for students’ being 
	C．for students to be 	D．to students’ being 
5．The bread and butter        good and you can see the bread and the butter        on sale in the supermarket .
	A．is tasted ; are 	B．tastes; are 	C．taste; is 	D．is tasted ; is
6．He promised to do that for me        I allowed him        for a few days .
	A．on condition that ; to leave 	B．on condition if ; to leave 
	C．on condition that ; leaving 	D．on the condition if ; leaving 
7．The boss went into the house ,       the five boys        in the rain .
	A．left ; standing 		B．leaving ; standing 	
	C．left; stand 		D．leaving ; stand 
8．Could it be in the room        we had a talk last night        you left your keys ?
	A．that; where 	B．in which; where 	C．where ; that 	D．where ; where 
9．It was not until she had arrived home        her appointment with the doctor .
	A．did she remember 	B．that she remembered 
	C．when she remembered 	D．had she remembered 
10．Tom insisted what he said        true and we insisted that he        and have a look .
	A．be ; should go 		B．should be ; would go 	
	C．was ; go 		D．was ; would go 
11．—Hey , Mr. Smith , you are wanted on        phone .
    —Who is calling ?
    —       Mr. Green . I don’t know he is .
	A．不填；A	B．the ；不填	C．the ; A	D．不填；不填
12．       and out of breath , we reached the top of the mountain and stopped        the beautiful scenery .
	A．Tiring ; to admire 	B．Being tired ; admiring
	C．Tired ; to admire 		D．Tired ; admiring 
13．       made our school proud was        more than 90% of the students had been admitted to key universities .
	A．What ; because 	B．That; what 	C．That; why 	D．What ; that 
14．—He isn’t        about his food .
    —Yes , he eats        anything .
	A．special ; nearly 	B．especial ; mostly 	C．particular ; almost 	D．unusual ; possibly 
15．—I’m sorry , I shouldn’t have been so rude to you .
    —You        your temper but that’s OK .
	A．have lost 	B．had lost 	C．did lose 	D．were losing 
    
答案： 1—5 ADCDB    6—10 ABCBC    11—15 CCDCC    

十一
1． Jane had prepared carefully for her English examination so that she could be sure of passing it on her first____________.
  A. intention    B. attempt       C. purpose     D. desire
2.       Jack packed all the things into a case, ____________.
A. being anxiously to leave     B. to be anxious to leave
C. anxious to leave           D. be anxious to leave
3.        -----------Is the television advertisement working ?
-----------Yes, __________ orders are coming.
A. None    B. Some    C. More     D. Few
4.       ---------Haven’t they apologized to you yet?
---------No explanation was offered, ___________an apology.
A. still less   B. neither   C. not    D. or rather
5.   Who ____________ for the hostage(人质) deaths in the school siege (围困) that took place in Russia in September, 2004?
A. is blaming  B. is going to blame  C. is to blame   D. is blamed
6.   Hard work and lack of sleep has _________ her beauty and youth in recent years.
A. worn out   B. tried out   C. made out  D. sent out
7.   Maybe all Americans realize that __________ they expect to be next president will face masses of problems.
A. who    B. whoever    C. whomever    D. no matter who
8.   ------------Why are you looking pleased ?
-----------Oh, I’ve just had a job _________.
A. to offer  B. offering  C. offered   D. being offered
9.   Tough __________ the task was, we _______ finish it ahead of time and therefore we were highly praised for it.
A. though; would   B. although; had to   C. as; were able to  D. though; must
10.   -------------How would you like your coffee?
------------__________________.
A. It’s well done                     B. very nice. Thank you.
C. One cup,  That’s enough           D. The stronger ,  the better.
11.   The play, _________ , is very wonderful: there are many interesting characters in it.
A. out of the question                     B. on the whole
C. out of question                        D. under no condition
12.   He was so careful that not a mistake ________ in the test.
A. he made   B. he had ever made    C. did he make   D. he ever made
13.   ___________ I toured the Great Wall, I was deeply impressed with the beautiful scenery.
A. Foe the first time                 B. At first
C. It was the first time               D. The first time
14.   I ________ you not to move my dictionary, now I can’t find it.
A. asked  B. ask   C. was asking   D. had asked
15.   Changes ______to the construction laws in Los Angeles have strengthened the city’s buildings and highways , _______them more resistant to quakes.
A. making; made               B. being made; to make
C. made; made                 D. made; making
答案 1-5 BCCAC  6-10 ACCCD   11-15 BCDAD

十二
1．— Is Mr. Smith rich?
　　— Yes, very rich. When he worked in ________town, he earned a lot. Now he has a big farm in ________ country.
　 A. at; the　　　　B. /; /　　　　　　C. /; the　　　　 D. the; /
2．Ann was reading a detective novel, ________ completely to the outside world.
A. being lost　　 B. having lost　　 C. losing　　　　 D. lost
3．Fish have eyes and ________appears to be a nose, and they can hear, too.
A. that　　　　　B. which　　　　 C. it　　　　　　 D. what
4．The new government ________ the foreign - owned fields one after another.
A. took over　　 B. took out　　　　C. took off　　　　D. took on
5．The five firemen the director had________ the people in the fire were highly praised.
A. rescue　　B. rescued     C. to rescue　  D. had rescued
6．________ their son away to college, the old couple got more room in the house.
A. As　　　　　B. For　　　　　　C. Through　　　　D. With
7．You should always take into consideration the part a good way of learning will ________ in your studies.
A. give　　　　 B. make　　　　　C. play　　　　　　D. teach
8．I asked him to show me the record that ________ the meeting, but he refused.
A. kept　　　　 B. was kept　　　 C. was kept of　　　D. kept of
9．When I was very young, I was terribly frightened of school, but I soon ____ it.
A. got off    B. got across C. got away    D. got over
10．The driver might have had an accident but he________ the car suddenly.
A. braked　　　 B. would brake　　 C. had braked　　　D. forget
11．Where did you get ________ car of________?
A. this; yours　　B. the; you　　　　 C. a; yours　　　　D. a; you
12．They sold their house for only 12, 000 dollars, so the buyer got a wonderful________.
A. cost　　　　　B. bargain　　　　C. amount　　　　D. value
13．It’s terrible. The car ________ break down just as we were going on our holiday.
A. should　　　　B. would　　　　 C. could　　　　 D. must
14．— Have you graduated from collage?
— Yes , ________.
A. I studied French for two years.     B. I have been studying French.
C. I have studied French for two years.   D. I had studied French for two years.
15．— We are sorry we can’t stay with you.
— ________.
A. No, sorry at all　B. I don’t think so  C. Don’t think so　D. That’s all right
16. I hope my boss will take my recent illness into ____ when judging my performance at work.
A. regard     B. counting C. account    D. observation
17. The brave man was greatly honoured when the organizer announced, “You ____ a medal!”
A. earn       B. expect   C. deserve      D. reserve
18. — Jim, let’s hurry to the airport. Mabel is coming.
— Oh, I was afraid________ . What’s made her change her mind?
A. she would never come　　　　　 B. I would miss her
C. she had already come　　　　　　D. I might have missed her
19. Flora and Jeff ________gone down under the water before they could move away. 
A. had neither   B. all had    C. both had     D. had both
20.With ______ , the boy immediately cried out because of the great pain.
A. his arm to be seized by the man     B. the arm seized by the man 
C. the man seizing him by the arm      D. the man seizing him by his arm

参考答案1~5 CDDAA    6~10 DCCBA    11~15 ABAAD    16~20 CCADC

十三
1.--Would you mind giving him a message?
-- ________.But _______,please. I’ll get a pen first.
A Certainly not; just a moment      B NO ,not at all ;hold up
    C Of course ,I don’t              D I’d like to very much ;hold on
2.–Alice, why didn’t you come yesterday?
--I _______,but I had an expected visitor.
A had          B would       C was going to      D did
3.Wouldn’t it be _____ wonderful world of all countries if the world lived in _____ peace with one another?
A a ；不填      B the;不填    C a ;the         D the; the
4．—I’ve looked everywhere , but I haven’t found any black ink .
   — Then , I’m afraid there is        left .
	    A．nothing   B．no one 	C．none  	D．neither
5.-- He was nearly killed by a car once.	
	-- Oh. when was________ exactly?
	 --It was in 2002	__________  he was riding a	bike on the drive-way.
A.	this; that  	B. that; when  	C. that; that   D. this; when
6.We waited and waited. _________ we had been looking forward to .
A Then came the hour               B Then did the hour come 
C Then the hour came               D The hour then came
7.. _____ scores of times ,but he still couldn’t understand it .
A Having explained                 B Having been explained 
C Though it was explained           D It was explained
8．Liu Xiang’s breaking the world record was an exciting moment, ________ all of us will never forget.
A．that	          B．one	    C．it	        D．what
9.－Must I show you how to operate the machine?
－Oh, thank you. I __________ how to do it.
A．had wondered	B．would wonder	C．was wondering	D．did wonder
10．I’m sorry to say that I can’t imagine such a gentleman _________ be so rude to a lady.
	A．should 	B．might	C．would	D．could
11. The old woman has three sons ,and ______ are studying abroad now.
A two of them      B two of who     C two of whom    D of whom two
12.--Are you pleased with what he has done?
-- Not a bit .It couldn’t be ________.
A so bad       B much better    C any worse    D best 
13. ---Did you remember to give Mary the money you owed her?
  --- Yes ,I gave it to her _____ I saw her.
  A while         B suddenly      C once         D the moment
14.Oh ,I’m not feeling well in the stomach. I ________ so much fried chicken just now.
A shouldn’t eat            B mustn’t have eaten    
C shouldn’t have eaten     D mustn’t eat
15. ______ different life today is from ____ it was 20 years ago.
A What a ,what    B How ,what    C What ,what    D What a ,how
选择答案： 1-5  ACACB    6-10 ADBCA   11-15 ACDCB

十四
1. — I'd rather go to the Blue Moon Restaurant because I prefer soft music while eating.
    —  _________ Loud music makes me tense.
A. My pleasure.	B. How so?   	C. At your service.	D. Me too!
2. Signnatel Inc, ______ world's largest maker of controller chips for MP3 players, is set to establish _______ new R & D centre in Hong Kong and open two sales offices on China's mainland.
A. the; a      	B. the; the    	C. a; the     	D. a; a
3. It is reported that some mainland visitors to Hong Kong Disneyland didn't _______ the park rules and behaved improperly.
A. get across    	B. keep to     	C. take up     	D. make up
4. The main cause of HIV / AIDS infection in China is drug abuse,  ______ is very serious in Yunnan.
A. what           	B. who       	C. that   	D. which
5. The _____, I think, he drew from his simple experiment is not scientific.
A. conclusion       	B. charge       	C. promise    	D. relation
6. The man ____ of shooting 16 schoolchildren was returned to Anhui Province police on Friday following his arrest by Beijing police, the Xinhua News Agency reported on Friday.
   A. suspected   	B. suspecting    	C. being suspected 	D. to be suspected
7. In1994, China began collecting income tax from citizens earning more than 800 Yuan per month but only 1% people were earning more than _______; now about 60% earn the amount.
A. this             	B. these      	C. those        	D. that
8. Scientists photographed for the first time ever _____ wild gorillas used a stick to test the depth of a pool before getting into it, according to a recent study.
A. which      	B. what      	C. that       	D. when
9. — Is the man our sales-manager?
    — No, it ______ not be him   he never plays cards.
A. must    	B. can     	C. will      	D. may
10. — What do you think of Zhang Liang Ying's English songs?
    — Very attractive and lively. Almost no other Super Girls can sing _____ at present, I think. 
A. well   	B. best     	C. better     	D. the best
11. — Ten dollars, please!
    — How terrible! I ______ bringing my wallet with me.
A. was forgetting   	B. forgot      	C. had forgotten 	D. am forgetting
12. — Did you know any Chinese, Joyce, before you arrived in Beijing?
    — In fact, never _______ it.
A. have I learned    	B. I have learned  	C. had I learned 	D. I had learned
13. There's no bus now, and we can't get home _______ by taxi.
A. rather than      	B. other than   	C. more than    	D. less than
14. It ______ quite correct that happiness comes from thinking about things in a positive way.
A. has turned out  	B. has been turned out    C. is turning out  	D. is turned out
15. In the 19th century the government _____ land to settlers willing to take care of it.
A. advocated       	B. separated   	C. divided     	D. distributed
答案
1．D  考查交际用语。从空格后的答语知答话人也喜欢轻音乐，两人有共同的爱好，即都喜欢轻音乐，故选D项。
2．A  考查冠词。Sigmatel Inc是世界上最大的MP3控制芯片制造商，最高级形容词前应用the；后一空指将要于香港创立一个新研发中心，散用不定冠词a。
3．B  考查短语动词．A项为“传播，使理解”，B项为“遵守”；C项为“从事，拿起，占据”：D项为“组成，弥补，化妆”。结合题意知B项符合语境要求。
4．D  考查定语从句。which引导一个非限制性定语从句。原句出自China Daily。
5．A  考查名词区别及动词搭配。这里构成“draw a conclusion”短语。
6．A  考查非谓语动词。过去分词短语suspected of shooting 16 schoolchildren作the man的后置定语．
7．D  考查代词。原句出自关于中国将提高个人收入所得税起征额的一则新闻报道。用that指代前文出现的金额——800元。句意为:“中国于1994年起征个人收入所得税，当时仅有1％的人月收入超过800元，而今有60％左右的人月薪超过800元。”
8．C  考查名词性从句。以that引导的宾语从句，充当photographed的宾语。科学家近期首次发现野生大猩猩在进入水池之前先用一根木棒测量水的深度，科学家拍摄到了这些场面。
9．B  考查情态动词用法。这里表否定推测，故用can。
10．C  考查副词比较级。这里把张靓颖与其他超女比较，故用比较级，因前有否定词no，整个句子表达最高级含义。
11．B  考查动词时态。从“How terrible!”知忘记带钱包了，故用过去时态。
12．C  考查倒装句及时态。
13．B  考查副词短语．B项意为“除……外”，符合题意。
14．A  考查短语辨析动词。turn out这里作连系动词用，是不及物动词，故不用进行时态，也不能用被动语态。
15．D  考查动词辨析．distribute意为“分发、分配、分送”．

十五
1.—That’s a big building going up, isn’t it?
    —		 this construction job?
A. Were you just watching		    B. Did you just watch
C. Have you just watched			    D. Didn’t you just watch
2. Dr. Frank failed many times but he finally 		 to find a successful way to solve the problem.
A. broke off		B. broke up		C. broke down		D. broke through
3.—What’s today’s special?
    —Perhaps I 		 suggest mushroom soup and clear soup.
A. must			B. might		C. would		D. could
4. Life is like sport,		 I mean it’s a hard competitive business.
A. in which		B. by which		C. for which		D. of which 
5.—I was wondering whether perhaps you could remember the name of the place.
    —I’m afraid that 		 me for the moment.
A. reminds		B. puzzles		C. disturbs		D. escapes
6.—Were the audience allowed to join in the play?
 —Yes, the actors 			 to satisfy the audience were successful.
A. who it was the duty		B. of which the duty was
C. whose duty it was			D. whose was the duty
7.—Were all the three people in the car injured in the accident?
    —No,			 only the two passengers who got hurt.
A. it was		B. there was			C. there were		D. there had
8. The exercise is not 			 difficult but just needs care and patience.
A. by itself		B. of itself		C. in itself		D. for itself
9.—Is there any particular soup you would like to have?
 —		 you select is all right with me.
A. Whatever	B. Anyone		C. No matter what		D. Whichever
10.—When can we come to visit you?
     —Anytime you feel like 		  .
A. one		B. it			C .so		D. that
11. I expect you’ve already done it,			 the manager asked you to give him a ring this afternoon.
A. but		B. and		C. though		D. so
12.—What happened?
 —As you know, my schoolmates never 			 their clothes well.
A. hanging		B. hanged		C. hung			D. hang
13. If we go on using energy so wastefully,			 are our oil wells will be dried up before new energy sources can be found to replace oil.
A. chances		B. difficulties		C. questions		D. problems	
14. We knew we were getting close to the park 		 we started seeing the tiger right next to the road.
A. when			B. before		C. while			D. until
15.—Your dress is extremely nice, Helen.
 —Yes, but it doesn’t fit me around the neck		 right.
A. rather		B. pretty		C. fairly			D. Quite

参考答案  1~5 CDCBD    6—10: CACDB    11—15: ACAAD 

十六
1. The door and the windows were all closed and there was no ______ of forced entry.
   A. scene           B. show             C. sign            D.  sight
2. —Why were you so angry ? 
   —The shop assistant ______ me too much for the book.
   A. cost     		    B. charged        	  C. required    	  D. requested
3. If you ______ at the corner when the truck passes, you will be knocked down..
   A. are standing      B. will be standing    C. stand    		  D. have stood
4. ______ is no possibility _____ Bob can win the first prize in the match.
   A. There, that       B. There, whether     C. It, that          D. It, whether
5. —What did you think of _____ president?
   —I didn’t care for him at first, but after ______ time I got to like him.
   A. the, a     	    B. /, the     		  C. the, the     	  D. /, a
6. —I can’t find Mr Smith. Where did you meet him this morning?
   —It was in the hotel _____ he stayed.
   A. that     		    B. where     	     C. which      	  D. the one
7. Was it midnight _____ you fell asleep while reading with the candle still burning?
   A. when     		B. then     		 C. that     		  D. at which
8. —Susan married Jason last Sunday.
   —Really ? How long _____ each other? No more than a week, I’m afraid.
   A. did they know     			B. have they known   
   C. have they got to know     	D. had they known
9. Mr and Mrs Scot prefer a restaurant in a small town to _____ in so large a city as New York.
   A. that     		   B. the one           C. one     		D. it
10. Written in a hurry, ______. How can it be satisfactory?
  A. They found many mistakes in the report  
B. Sam made lots of mistakes in the report
  C. There are many mistakes in the report       
D. The report is full of mistakes
11. —Why does Sara know so much about Angkor Wat?
—She ______ have been there, or…
A. must      	B. ought to      C. can      D. may 
12. —Are you free after school?
—Sorry, I’ve planned to treat a friend of mine to dinner ______ for help.
A. in order     	B. in return     C. in turn     D. in honor
—I hope Bill won’t come.
—_____, why did you invite him?
A. Now what     B. If so     	C. In case    D. Even though
14. The soldiers soon reached ______ was once an old temple ______ the villagers used as a school.
A. what , where    B. what , which  C. where , which   D. what , where
The boy the teachers considered _____ was caught ______ in the exam, which surprised us very much.
A. to be the best, cheating    
B. as the best student, to cheat
C. to have been studying well, cheating     
D. as a good student, to cheat

参考答案1-5 CBAAA   6-10 BADCD   11-15 DBBBA   

十七
1. ---We’re afraid we can't finish the task within this month.   
---      . 
A. Don’t be afraid    B. That's right  	C. Take your time  	D. Not at all
2. He wasn’t asked to take on the chairmanship of the society,        unpopular with all members.   
A. being considered  B. considering.  C. to be considered 	D. having considered  
3. We can see clearly from the top of the building         it is that the police are talking to.
    A. what      	  B. where       C. that       		D. who
4.---Tim, what are you looking at ?
   ---Sorry , Mr. Smith. I ___ out at a bird outside the window.
  	A. looked  		  B. am looking   C. have been looking   D. was looking
5.---Do you work hard at your lessons?  
---Yes, I      no efforts. 
 A. spend     	  B. spare     	 C. waste     		D. share
6.The local health organization is reported ___ twenty-five years age when Dr. Green became its first president.   
A. to be set up   B. being set up   C. to have been set up	  D. having been set up   
7.--- When did he leave the classroom?
   --- He left _____ you turned back to write on the blackboard.
   A. the minute     		B. the time     C. until     		D. before
8. Because the first pair of shoes did not fit properly, I asked for _____.
   A. another shoes    B. another one    C. the others ones    D. another pair
9. ---What new subject are you going to have in        second grade?
   ---I' m going to learn     second foreign language.
   A. a; the  			B. the; a  		C. the; 不填  		D.不填; a
10. I wondered what you could be doing and what      be happening to you.
   A. might      	B. must     		C. should       		D. had to　
11. I have no idea      I can find such a computer in such a short time.
 A. that     		B. why      		C. where     		D. when
12. ---What's the matter with Jane? She has been sitting there for hours.
    ---A letter from her mother     an attack of home sickness in her.
   A. set out     		B. set off   		C. sent off       		D. sent up
13. --What can we do to help John?
    --All we can do is to try          that he ought to study more.
making him to realize  		B. making him realize  
C. to make him realized　		D. to make him realize
14. - Tom, I'm afraid I can't go to the picnic with you.
   -But you ___ me you would.
  	A. had told      	B. have told     	C. told     		D. tell
15.	You never get over being a child, ______ you have a mother to go to.
A. as far as      	B. unless        C. so long as       D. although

参考答案 1-5 CADDB  	6-10 CADBA  11-15 CBDCC

十八
1. Lianzhan said that people in Taiwan and Mainland must try hard to understand each other, and ______ misunderstanding. 
A. do away 		B. do up			C. clear away 			D. clear up
2. _______ of us is perfect; we all may make mistakes.
A. Both			B. None			C. Neither      		D. All
3. He narrowly missed being seriously hurt, if not______, by the explosion.
A. killed 			B. being killed   	C. be killed  			D. to be killed
4. Susan ______for three years to be a computer analyst but found her progress discouraging .
A. has worked   	B. worked    	C. had worked  		D. was working
5. Few people paid full attention to their health conditions _____ they were seriously ill.
A. when  		B. if  			C. until  			D. before
6. As ______ humorous people, _______ British like playing a joke on others.
A. the; 不填		B. 不填; the		C. a; the				D. the; the
7. I have to collect ______ about the topic before I start writing the book. 
A. a few more materials      	B. a few more material         
C. a little more materials     	D. a little more material
8. No one can walk the wire without a bit of fear unless ____ very young.
A. having been trained 		B. trained		C. to be trained 	D. being trained
9. By using your eyes you can tell the direction _____ light comes.
A. in which  			B. from which  	C. with which  	D. on which
10. --- Could you tell me what he said just now?
--- Sorry, I ______ what was going on outside.
A. had thought			B. was thinking	C. thought		D. think 
11. -- Has Mary finished writing her article?
-- No, and it _____ before class was over.
A. should be finished 		B. should finish  	
C. should have finished  	D. ought to have been finished
12. As is generally agreed, a family without love is not _____ a family as a body without soul in a man.
A. such  	B. as much of  	C. so much of  	D. much of
13. --- I want to be alone right now! Get the picture?
   --- _______.
A. Yes, I like it very much    B. Fine! I’ll leave, then.
C. That’ll do.              D. Yes, I’ll take it.
14. Only after the second tower of the World Trade Centre          did people know it was not an accident, but an attack of some kind.
  A. had hit       B. did fall      C. was hit     D. was fallen
15. The villagers, _________ had been damaged by the flood, were given help by the Red Cross. 
A. all of their homes   B. all their homes  C. whose all homes  D. all of whose homes 

参考答案1-5 DBACC  6-10  CDBBB    11-15 DCBCD

十九
1. ------- “I think you should phone Jenny and say sorry to her.”
 -------    “_______. It was her fault.”
No way      B. Not possible     C. No chance    D. Not at all
2. ______was known to them all that William had broken his promise______ he would give each of them a gilt
A. As, which        B. What, that      C. It , that      D. It , which
3. “Oh, how fat he is!”  “But I think he is __________than fat.”
A. short       B. shorter     C. more short     D. shortest
4. We were just about to leave_______ it started to snow.
A. when       B. before      C. after       D. since
5. The dish_____ nice , but the milk _____ sour.
A. is smelt , is smelt    B. is smelt , smells    C. smells , is smelt      D. smells , smells
6. I offered Susan the medicine for cough , but perhaps I ______ to take it.
A. had to tell her              B. must have told her 
C. ought to tell her            D. should have told her
7. _________the year 2008 draws near, the construction of Olympic sites is catching the attention of the public.
   A. So long as     B. As        C. Once        D. Whether
8. Certainly , you can get ______you are after by hard work.
A. that         B. where        C. what        D. some
9. My money ______. I’d better go to the bank to draw some of my savings out in case I have none in hand.
A. has run out      B. is running out      C. has been run out       D. is running out of
10. ------ When shall we start?
   ------ Let’s _____ it 8:30. Is that all right for you?
A. set            B. meet          C. make         D. take
11. ----- What’s made you so upset ?
---- ______ three tickets to the pop music concert..
A. Lost     B. Losing    C. Because of losing    D. Since I lost
12. In western countries , oranges and apples are sold by____ weight while eggs are usually sold by_____ dozen.
A. the ,the       B. \ , a       C. \ , the       D. the , a
13. ---- Are you sure he is able to do the job well?
---- _____he would give his mind to it.
A. In case       B. Until       C. If only       D. Unless
14. ---- Was ______Jane?
---- Yes, it was_____ who phoned..
A. she , her     B. it , she     C. that , her     D. her , she
15. So difficult _____ it to live in English-speaking country that I determined to learn English well.
A. I have felt       B. have I felt     C. I did feel     D. did I feel

参考答案ACCAD  DBCBC  BCCBD
二十
Each of the 400 people received from their boss ______ gift － “Who moved my cheese?” , ______ best-seller in the US, which helped them understand how to deal with changes in their lives and work.
A. the; /     B. a; /     C. a; a      D. the; a
2. On the way to the west they were accustomed to ____ their animals ____ from heat, thirst, and starvation .
    A. seeing; to suffer   B. see; to suffer  C. seeing; suffering  D. saw; suffered
3. Sometimes advertisements make ________ possible for companies to sell the customers ______ money cannot buy.
    A. /; that     B. it; what      C. that; which      D. /; whose
4. The Aborigines ________ in Australia for thousands of years, but their present lifestyle and culture differ little from __________ of their ancestors.
    A. have lived; that   B. had been living; the one  C. have been lived; ones  D. have been living; those 
－ Will you be able to finish the job this week?
－ _____________.
A. I can’t say so    B. I don’t expect so    C. I’m not sure so   D. I don’t know so
－ Do you know anything about a famous singer Dao Lang?
－Yes. He has sold millions of copies of his first record. I’m afraid it couldn’t be _____.
  A. the best
B. any better
C. any worse
D. the worst
The house rent is expensive. I’ve got about half the space I had at home and I am paying _______ here.
  A. as three times much
  C. much as three times
B. as much three times
D. three times as much
He ______ his father’s place as president of the corporation at the age of 25. And he ________ to be more successful than his father.
  A. had taken; turned out
  C. took, has been turned out
B. took; has turned out
D. took; had turned out
－ Why did you keep the portrait _____ you could see it every day?
－ Because it always reminded me of my university days in New York.
  A. which
B. where
C. in which 
D. in where
David used to be called two or three times ______ he would come to his dinner, _____ made his mother unhappy with him.
  A. before; and it
B. after; which
C. until; what
D. unless; that
The girl who is kept _________ the nurse has _______ ill since last week.
  A. in the charge of; fallen
  C. in the charge of; been
B. in charge of; been
D. taken charge of; fallen
Tom’s pain _____ obvious upon his arrival at home, for mum asked pitifully, “Are you feeling all right?”
  A. could be
B. must be
C. could have been
D. must have been
Thank you for your visit to Cerruti.com. This site ______ and will be back online in the not-too-distant future.
  A. had updated
B. is being updated
C. will be updated
D. updated
14. It is hoped that the teaching reform ____ in our school at present will bring the ___ result to the students.
 A. carried out, desiring        B. carrying out, desired
       C. to carry out, desired        D. being carried out, desired
15. －You have made great progress in your studies of English, haven’t you?
  －Yes, but much ______.
    A .is remained to be done      B. is remained to do
    C. remains to be done         D. remains to do
16.______ the eve of the Spring Festival, the evening show was broadcast live on CCTV-1, ____ brought great pleasure to the whole nation.
A. On; that    B. At; which   C. In; what   D. On, which
17. When IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch announced that Beijing ______ the 2008 Olympic Games, all Chinese watching him on TV ________ cheers.
      A. would host; burst into        B. should host; burst out 
C. will get; burst through        D. was host; shout at
18. － _____David come to see you ?
   － Of course, please. And I’d rather he _____ me the truth.
    A. Will; inform      B. Shall; told      C. Should; will tell    D. Can; covers
19. He slipped and had his leg broken. ____ , he  will have to be away from school for two or three months.
	A. In any case  B. After all  C .As a result  D. In this way
20. －Congratulations to you ! I hear you got the first place in the English Speech Contest.
   －_______ . 
 A. Don’t mention it. I think that’s only me past       B. Thanks . But I think I could have done better    
C. There’s nothing to cheer for.                   D. No, no. It’s a piece of cake. 

答案1-5 CCBDB    6-10 BDBBA  11-15 CDBDC  16-20  DABCB   

二十一
1. We had __ really cold March two years ago in Huai'an, and I still remember __ spring when it snowed .
     A. a; /              B. /; the             C. the; a              D. a; the
2. Tom has been preparing carefully for the English examination, so that he can be sure of passing it at his first __.
     A. request           B. attempt            C. promise          D. purpose
3. I am __ that vase very much. I'll buy it at any price.
     A. appealed to       B. attached to         C. referred to        D. applied to
4. At last the man had no choice but          the computers from the office.
     A. admit to have stolen                      B. admit having stolen
     C. to admit to have stolen                   D. to admit having stolen
5. But for a/an __ from my parents, I __ to make ends meet before I got married.
     A. income; couldn't have managed           B. salary; couldn't manage
     C. allowance; couldn't have managed        D. insurance; couldn't manage
6. He has been living in Hainan for two years, and he is now __ to the hot weather.
     A. accountable       B. accepted         C. customers      D. accustomed
7. The novels written by the author sell best, but five years ago no one could have imagined how great a role he __ in the literary(文学的) world.
     A. was to play       B. was playing        C. had played         D. played
8. Franklin's move to quit smoking cigars to __ Rachel is seen by the servants as evidence __ he is in love with her.
     A. be pleased with; that                     B. please; which
     C. please; that                              D. be pleased with; which
9. --The weather isn't good enough for an outing, is it?
    --Not in the least. We can't have __ at this time of the year.
     A. a worse day                              B. a worst day
     C. a nicer day                                D. so fine a day
10. __ , she knew she'd never been there before.
    A. As familiar it seemed to her
    B. As it seemed familiar to her
    C. As familiar as it seemed to her
    D. Familiar as it seemed to her
11. Our team lost. It was a good game, __.
     A. although         B. as though        C. though         D. still
12. --Jiangsu athletes did extremely well in the 10th National Games.
    --Yes, they __ very hard, or they __ such great achievements.
    A. must have been trained; couldn't have got
    B. must have trained; should have got
    C. must have been trained; mustn't have got
    D. should have been trained; couldn't have got
13. It is not rare in __ that people in __ fifties are going to university for further education.
    A. 90s; the           B. the 90s； their      C. the 90s; /          D. 90s; their
14. He tried hard to keep calm in face of the policemen but the sweat on his forehead __ him __.
     A. gave.., away     B. turned.., down     C. showed.., out       D. shut.., off
15. A healthy life is frequently thought to be __ with the open countryside and home-
    grown food.
    A. tied             B. wind             C. involved          D. associated
参考答案1-5.DBBDC    6-10.DACAD   11-15.CABAD 

二十二
（    ）1. I often have conversations with John over       telephone, while I keep in touch with Tom by       letter.
A. /; the    B. the; /     C. /; a     D. the; a 
（    ）2. With his son ______, the old man felt unhappy.
A. disappointed           B. to be disappointed
C. disappointing           D. being disappointed
（    ）3. Living in the central Australian desert has its problems,  ______ obtaining water is not the least.
A. for which    B. to which     C. of which    D. in which
（    ）4. Americans eat ______ vegetables per person today as they did in 1910.
A. more than twice            B. as twice as many
C. twice as many as           D. more than twice as many
（    ）5. Everything _____ into consideration, they ought to have another chance.
A. making       B. taken      C. made     D. taking
（    ）6. We all feel it is Jack as well as his wife that _____ for their son’s bad performance at school.
A. are to blame              B. is to be blamed
C. are to be blamed          D. is to blame
（    ）7. ______, it looked like a simple accident, but later the police became suspicious(怀疑).
A. At the first sight                 B. Within sight
C. At first sight                     D. In the sight
（    ）8. Eat    ___  cake you like and leave the others for    __  comes late.
A. any; who                B. every, whenever
C. whichever, whoever      D. either, whoever
（    ）9. ---- He  looks hot and dry .
      ---- So       you if you had a temperature of 40℃.
A. would     B. may      C. must     D. should
（    ）10. Why! I have nothing to confess. _____ you want me to say?
A. What is it that           B. What it is that
C. How is it that            D. How it is that
（    ）11. ----- Beg your pardon?
----- Oh, you  ______ to me attentively.
----- _____   , but my hearing is poor.
A. haven’t listened; Yes     B. didn’t listen; No
C. weren’t listening; Yes    D. can’t have listened, No
 (     ) 12. My grandfather is as ______ as a young man and hates sitting around doing nothing all day.
      A. enthusiastic   B. energetic   C. talkative   D. sensitive 
 （    ）13. Having  been  attacked  by  terrorists, ____________. 
A. doctors came to their rescue 
        B. the tall building collapsed    
C. an emergency measure was taken  
D. warnings were given to terrorists
（    ）14. The mayor of Beijing says that all construction work for the Beijing Olympics      __          by  2006.
    A. will have been completed    B. has been completed
C. has completed               D. will have completed
（    ）15.----How would you like your tea?
----________.
A. Very quickly           B. As it comes, please
C. Very much              D. I don’t like tea

参考答案：1. B   2. C   3. C   4. D   5. B   6. D   7. C   8. C   9. A   10. A  11. C  12. B  13. B   14. A   15. B

二十三
1. Thank you for sending us _________ fresh vegetables of many kinds. You have done us _____ great service.
        A. / ;  a         B. the;  a      C. /;   /          D. the;  /
2. "How did the plan strike you?"
  "It  ____ , so we can't think too highly of it.
A. all depends           B. makes no sense  C. is so practical          D. is just so so
3. ---Little Tom has cried for 20 minutes!
   --- _______. He'll be all right soon.
        A. Leave him behind      B. Leave him alone        
C. Leave him out         D. Leave him over
4. You didn' t do anything wrong, --- you should have a clear ______.
        A. conscience          B. sense      C. awareness          D. understanding               
5. The Pacific region will be one of the fastest growing areas in the world in the 21st century. ______ shouldn' t be any doubt about it now.
        A. It              B. That       C. This          D. There
6. At last the man had no choice but _____ the computers from the office.
        A. admit to have stolen      B. admit having stolen
C. to admit to have stolen    D. to admit having stolen
7. ---What' s the weather like tomorrow, John?
   --- Well, I _____ it, for the scenic pictures drew my attention as the weather forecast was going on.
        A. was missing      B. will miss    C. have missed      D. missed
8. In order to _____ a good knowledge of English, he gave up his job and went to study in an English school.
        A.  require          B. inquire    B. acquire           D. address
9. The new tax would force companies to  _____ energy-saving measures.
        A. adopt           B. adjust       C. adapt          D. accept
10. He will surely finish the job on time _____ he's left to do it in his own way.
         A. so that         B. so long as      C.  in case          D. for fear that
11. The data received from the two _____ whirling around Mars ____ that there is much evidence that huge thunderstorms are occurring about the equator of the planet.
        A. aircraft; indicates     B. aircraft; indicate
        C. aircrafts; indicates    D. aircrafts; indicate
12. Our house is being ______ to make way for a new road.
         A. knocked about       B. knocked down
         C. knocked off         D. knocked up
13. Fortunately it won' t make ______ of difference if I don’t pass the test..
         A. the awful lot         B. an awful lot
         C. a lot awful          D. an awful lots  
14.Because of falling orders, the company has been forced _____several hundred workers.
         A. laying down          B. to lay aside
         C. laying off            D. to lay off
15. ---I' m not quite sure  ____ to get there.
   ---You' d better ____ a map.
        A. when; consult         B. when; instruct
        C. how; consult          D. how; instruct
参考答案1-15. ACBAD  DDCAB  BBBDC
 
二十四
1. The store had to ______a number of shop assistants because sales were down.     
    A. lay down   B. lay out   C. lay off     D. lay aside
2. ---The weather report said that there is rain today.
   ---But I don’t think the football match will be put off_____.   
   A. although   B. even so  C. even though  D. as though
3. ____for the terrible accident, as the public thought, the mayor felt nervous and was at a loss what to do.   
  A. Having blamed  B. To blame  C. Being to be blamed   D. Being to blame
4. ---Did you have any trouble in getting there?    
   ---No. _____ I would have telephoned you.    
  A. However   B. Otherwise  C. Therefore  D. Anyway
5. As the centuries went by, humans made more and more words. This is what we now ___by language.                                          
A. refer to them	  B. tell 	    C. think	   D. mean
6.--- I’m sorry that I can’t go to your party tonight.  
  --- _____ ? Haven’t we agreed on it?
  A. What is it   B. Why don’t you  C. What do you think  D. How is it 
7. It was not until dark____ he found _____ he thought was the way to solve the problem. 
   A. that; what    B. that; that  C. when; what   D. when; that   
8. ____, I think, and the problems could be settled.      
  A. If you double your efforts   B. So long as you keep up your spirits
  C. Making greater efforts      D. A bit more efforts
9.---Do you still remember the accident?    
  --- Yes, actually. I have experienced nothing________.
   A. but frightened    B. except frightening    C. more frightened   D. more frightening  
10. Some of the equipment came from Canada. How about ____?    
    A. another   B. the others  C. the other    D. the rest    
11. I don’t smoke now, but I ____for almost ten years.   
A. ever smoked  	B. have ever smoked  C. had ever smoked  D. was ever smoking
--It is said that China has been a member of WTO since 11 December 2001.    
--Well, it’s wonderful that the Chinese people ___have made so much progress these years.
A. must  B. can  C. should  D. may
13 ---Haven’t you met each other at ____ party?    
   ---Yes, but I can’t remember whether it is____ Christmas when we were in college.
a ; the    B. the; a    C. a; a    D. a; /
14. ---How did the plan strike you?   
   ---It ___, so we can’t think too highly of it.
   A. all depends  B. makes no sense  C. is so practical   D. is just so so
15. The teacher seldom let an opportunity to teach his students or to help them make up for the days of schooling they had missed ____.    
    A. pass  B. passing  C. to pass  D. being passed
参考答案:1—15  CBDBD  DADDD  ACCCA

二十五
1．—I’m sorry , but there’s no smoking on this flight .
    —Oh, I          that . Sorry , I won’t again .
	A．don’t know 	B．didn’t know 	C．won’t know 	D．haven’t known 
2．It is no longer a question          man is learning more and more about space .
	A．whether 	B．that 	C．if 	D．how 
3．—Do you think they have as many books as they’ve described ?
    —Well , in my opinion , they have few books , if          .
	A．some 	B．any 	C．none 	D．many 
4．—Anything interesting in today’s newspaper ?
    —There is nothing worth          .
	A．to be read 	B．of being read 	C．reading it 	D．reading 
5．         is known to all , dirty and disease go          .
	A．It; in hand 	B．As ; hand in hand C．As ; in hand 	D．It ; hand in hand 
6．When she was awake , she found that she was standing on          seemed to be a piece of stone .
	A．that 	B．which 	C．what 	D．it 
7．—What do you think of what he did in class ?
    —What he did was          my imagination .
	A．through 	B．above 	C．beyond 	D．over 
8．The news was a terrible blow to her , but she will          the shock soon .
	A．get out 	B．get through 	C．get off 	D．get over 
9．—Where can I stay for the night ?
    —I want to          in Ying Ze Hotel .
	A．fix you up 	B．live you up 	C．give you up 	D．take you up 
10．Peasants earn their living by selling agriculture          in China .
	A．cost 	B．food 	C．products	D．production 
11．The          should be paid to the ‘group’ effort rather than the ‘self’ effort .
	A．effort 	B．attention 	C．energy 	D．strength 
12．         from his twin at birth , he didn’t know he had a brother until he was twenty .
	A．Separate 	B．Separating 	C．Separated 	D．Been separating
13．In China          graduates go abroad to have a further study every year .
	A．a great deal of 	B．many a 	C．a plenty of 	D．masses of 
14．Lily’s mobile phone was left in a taxi accidentally , never          again .
	A．to find 	B．to be found 	C．finding 	D．being found 
15．         , they decided to get someone else to continue the work .
	A．Given out 	B．Giving out 	C．To give out 	D．Give out 
参考答案1—5 BBBDB   6—10 CCDAC    11—15 BCDBB 

二十六
1. Take this box and _______ you can find enough space.
   A. put it which                  B. put up it which place
   C. put it wherever               D. put it in where
2. - Each of the students, working hard at his or her lessons, _________ to go to college.
   - So do I.
    A. hope        B. hopes      C. is hoping      D. are hoping
3. -What do you think of what he did in class?
    -Why he did it was ________ my imagination.
    A. through          B. above           C. beyond             D. over
4.The WTO cannot live up to its name ______ it does not include a country that is home to one fifth of mankind.
    A. as long as       B. while            C. if                  D. even though
5. _______, we were taken to see the library.
    A. We had been shown the classrooms    B. Being shown the classrooms
    C. Having been shown the classrooms     D. Having shown the classrooms
6. - Will you go to the party?
   - Of course I will if ____________.
    A. having invited   B. invited          C. I was invited       D. I will be invited
7. I might fail, but _______ I insist on doing it. I don' t mind. 
    A. however         B. anyhow          C. yet                 D. meanwhile
8. _______, the bookseller gave him something else as a present.
     A. To the boy's delight                B. To the boy's surprising
     C. To the boy joy                     D. To make the boy's happy
9. ________ late in the morning, Bob turned off the alarm.
    A. To sleep         B. Sleeping         C. Sleep               D. Having slept
10. - Look, John's fallen asleep.
   - Oh, he ________ too late last night.
    A. might sit up                         B. should have sat up
    C. could sit up                         D. must have sat up
11. He is so learned a young man that I am sure it would be impossible to find his ________.
     A. same           B. similar          C. equal               D. reflection
12. Television has so many advantages. It keeps us ________ about the _________ news, and also provides entertainment in the home.
     A. informed , latest                     B. to know, later
     C. learning, later                     D. to think, latest
13. She was robbed of her handbag with the _________ sum of $ 5,000 in it.
    A. extraordinary    B. important       C. considerable        D. valuable
14. - Did you remember to give Mary the money you owed her?
   -Yes. I gave it to her ________ I saw her.
    A. while            B. the moment      C. suddenly            D. once
15. - Have you rung Professor Li?
   - Last week I _______ him for our next meeting but I _________.
    A. rang, forgot                          B. could have rung, forget
C. rang, forget                          D. should have rung, forgot

参考答案1-5  CBCCC    6--10  BBAAD    11--15  CACBD  

二十七
1. — Since you like the fur coat so much, why not buy it?
   — Well, I can't afford ______ coat.
  A. that expensive a                     B. a that expensive
  C. that an expensive                    D. an expensive that
2. ——How is it that you are late for class again?          ——________.
A. By bus and then on foot             B. It's quite all right
C. Because I missed the bus            D. It's far from school   
3. As we know, the sooner coastal populations are _____ a coming tsunami (海啸), the greater their chances of escaping.
  A. used to     B. informed with   C. warned of     D. known about
4. It was 2 hours’ wait by the time the announcement        , saying my flight was canceled .
	A．had been made 	B．was made 	C．made    D．was making 
5. I told you that you shouldn't waste your time playing the computer games, _____?
A. didn't I        B. did I        C. should you        D. shouldn't you
6. Always acting in a strange way, Einstein must have _____ to people around to be mad.
   A. shown     B. imagined     C. appeared     D. thought
7. He never thought that they would choose him ______ captain of the football team though he was already in _____ late twenties.
   A. /; his     B. a; his     C. the; the      D. a; the
8. Mr. Green told his children to keep in _____ the rules of safety when they swam.
A. minds         B. mind          C. their minds           D. their mind
9. _____ the reason may be, physical punishment to children is illegal(违法).
  A. For whatever    B. Whatever    C. No matter how     D. However
10. I don’t feel very well. I think I’m _____ with the flu.
  A. going up   B. dropped in    C. getting in touch     D. coming down
11.       ,the dancers practice hard to make their dreams come true .
	A．Instead of being disabled        B．Being disabled  
C．Disabled as they are 	           D．In case of being disabled
12. –Do you like swimming in a lake?
  –_____. I think swimming in big rivers is a lot more interesting.
A.No problem        B.Not so badly       C.Probably not       D.Not all that much
13. Understanding the culture habits of another nation, especially _____ containing as many as different subcultures as the United States, is a complex task.
A. the one        B. one        C. that          D. those    
14. During the voyage the sailor caught a deadly disease _____, in those days, medical science was helpless.
A. that        B. which        C. to which        D. against which
15. The room is furnished _____ .
A. with a modern furniture          B. with a set of modern furniture
C. for a piece of modern furniture     D. for some modern furniture
参考答案：1~5  ACCBA     6~10  CABBD     11~15  CDBDB

二十八
1. After supper she would sit down by the fire，sometimes for ______ an hour，thinking of her young and happy days．
  	A. as long as       B. as soon as     C. as much as       D. as many as 
2. — Why didn't you tell Tom the truth?
—       .
A. Yes, I was afraid to be scolded by him     	B. No, but I wanted to
C. But I did                                D. I always hate telling lies
3. For quite _____ students，their teacher's advice is more important than _____ of their parents'． 
A．few；one       B．a little；some   C．a few；that  D．a lot；many 
4. －Have you ________ any information? 
    －No, I’m going to ____________ the business department. 
A. picked up; call at     		B. picked out; call on     
C. got; call on   				D. received; drop in 
5. Mr. Smith was much surprised to find the watch he had had       was nowhere to be seen.
A. it         B. it repaired         C. repaired  D. to be repaired
6. －Are you coming to the English evening? 
    －I’m not sure. I ________ go to the concert instead. 
    A. must			B. would    C. should			D. might
7. They found it difficult for them to          hard conditions they might face． 
A．prepare themselves for    B．prepare      C．get it ready      D．be ready 
8. —Won't you go shopping with your mother？ 
—         she promises to buy me a new sweater． 
A．Now that       B．In case      C．If          D．Unless 
9. He is rather difficult to make friends with， but the friendship of his，______ ，is truer than any other． 
A．once gained    B．when to gain     C．after gained     D．while gaining 
10. —You have accepted the job offered by the company，haven't you？ 
—No．And          ．I'm now working in a better one． 
A．I'm happy I didn't          	B．I was happy I didn't 
C．I'm happy I have           	D．I was happy I have 
11. China became the 143rd member of the World Trade Organization on December 11，2001，thus        its 15-year wish to join the global trade body． 
A．having realized     B．realized       C．realizing      D．to realize 
12. A pair of glasses _______ on the table，but the glasses _______ yours． 
A. is；aren't     B. are；isn't         C. is；isn't       D. are；aren't 
13. He had meant to tour the deserted temple for ______ fun but he didn’t find ______ fun for doing that. 
    A. /;  /			B. /; the  	C. the; the		D. a; the
14. －He has failed in the exam again. 
    －But _______ that? He _______ hard. 
A. have you expected; has never worked    
B. have you expected; had never worked 
C. do you expect; has never worked         
D. did you expect; had never worked 
15. I shall never forget the day ______ Shen Zhou V was launched, ______ has a great effect on my life. 
A. that, which		B. when, which    C. which, that		D. when, that 

参考答案 1—15 	ACCAC    	DADAA   	CABDB

二十九
1．—What’s that unpleasant noise?
	—Oh, the road before the main gate           .
	A．is repairing		B．is being repaired
	C．is repaired		D．has been repaired
2．I’d like to Live somewhere           the sun shines all year long.
	A．which	B．that	C．where	D．in which
3．A baby might show fear of an unfamiliar adult,           he is likely to smile and reach out to another baby.
	A．and	B．or 	C．so	D．but
4．Most students believe that teachers know exactly how to put their compositions           .
	A．correct	B．straight	C．right	D．well
5．I           to go for a walk, but someone called and I couldn’t get away.
	A．was planning	B．planned	C．had planned	D．would plan
6．—According to the agreement, you must finish the work by this month.
	—Don’t worry. We’re trying hard and it           that long.
	A．hasn’t lasted		B．won’t last
	C．didn’t last		D．doesn’t last
7．When Paul saw the truck coming towards him, he stopped his car to make       for it to pass.
	A．room	B．a move	C．an effort	D．time
8．In face of         failure, it is the most important to keep up           good state of mind.
	A．不填；a	B．a; 不填	C．the; 不填	D．不填；the
9．Neither her father nor her mother would give           permission to buy that CD player.
	A．his	B．their	C．her	D．one’s
10．           to understand what he doesn’t, he makes a fool of himself.
	A．Always pretending	B．Always pretended
	C．Having always pretended	D．Always being pretended
11．If you           a mistake in reviewing the report, please bring it to my attention.
	A．come along	B．come across	C．come around	D．come about
12．The project is designed in this way and once           , nothing can be done to change it.
	A．starts	B．starting	C．started	D．having started
13．—Your book, Tommy?
	—No, Mom, it’s my friend’s.
	—Remember to return it to           name is on it.
	A．what	B．which	C．whose	D．whosever
14．None of them had expected that the middle-aged engineer died           his design uncompleted.
	A．with	B．from	C．without	D．of
15．—           I stay with you?
	—Well, I would rather you           me alone for a while.
	A．Will; leave	B．Shall; leave	C．Will; left	D．Shall; left
参考答案1.B  2.C  3.D  4.C  5.C  6.B  7.A  8.A  9.C  10.A  11.B  12.C  13.D  14.A  15.D  

三十
1. English is one of the ______ languages at international meetings.
   A. work     B. working    C. speaking     D. spoken	
2. In such dry weather the flowers will have to be watered if they _____.
   A. have survived     B. would survive     C. are to survive   D. will survive
3. No man is born _____. We all need to learn to become _____. 
   A. wise; wise   B. wisely; wisely  C. wise; wisely     D. wisely; wise
4. ____person like him won’t be satisfied with ____ little progress that he has made.
   A. The; a      B. The; /        C. A; /        D. A; the 
5. I don’t think this jacket _______ you and that your hat _______ this jacket perfectly.
   A. suits; fits     B. fits; matches     C. matches; suits    D. meets; fits
6. The discovery of the new evidence led to ______.
   A. the thief having caught      B. catch the thief 
   C. the thief being caught       D. the thief to be caught  
7. The media can often help solve problems and _____ attention to situations ______ help is needed. 
   A. take; which     B. draw; where     C. pay; that       D. draw;  /
8. I _____ to help you to do homework but I couldn’t spare any time. I _____ a composition last night and I’ll finish it today.
A. wanted; wrote          B. had wanted; was writing    
C. have wanted; wrote     D. wanted; have been writing
9. Eat _____ cake you like and leave the other for _____ comes in late.
   A any, who     B. every, whoever   C. whichever, whoever   D. either, whoever
10. I was scared and feeling pretty anxious, _______ in a new country.
   A. for the first time I was       B. this being my first time 
   C. being my first time           D. I was the first time 
11.Swimming alone ____ be ____ dangerous. Do be careful.
   A. need, highly     B. may, high     C. can; highly    D. can; high
12. Jane told the police man that her gold necklace ______. 
   A. was stolen of   B. was robbed from    C. had been stolen from   D. had been robbed of 
13.By no means _____ to your parents.
A. is this the first time you are lying
B. this is the first time you have lied
C. this is the first time you tell a lie
D. is this the first time you have lied
14. ---- Who were those people with the flag?
   ---- A group _______ itself the league for peace.
   A. calling        B. called       C. calls       D. is called
15.He was so pleased with all ______ we had done for him _____ he wrote us a letter to praise us for it.
A. what; what   B. what; that     C. that; what    D. that; that  

答案
1．B. Working languages工作语言；实用的，有用的语言 a working knowledge of computers
2．C. are to survive如果他们要存活的话，if条件句中不用将来时
3 A. 第一空用形容词wise做主语补足语，第二空wise用形容词做表语
4.D . A 冠词表示不定指，“象他这样的一个人” the表示定指，“他取得的那么一点点进步”
5. B .Fits表示大小尺寸的适合，物做主语， matches 表示相匹配。 
6. C.  led to 中的to是介词后接名词或动名词，e.g. lead to his being late
7.B. draw attention to 吸引某人的注意力situation, case,后常用where 引导定语从句
pay attention to 关注，注意 
8.B. had wanted表示原本要做某事，从后句I’ll finish it today可知writing动作还没完成用进行时态was writing表示。
9. D.解题关键是后句中的the other说明共有两块蛋糕，故第一空用either表示另外一块
10.B. this being my first time 独立主格结构，
11.C. Can表示理论上的可能，highly表示抽象意义的高度危险。
12.D. Rob常用人sb.做宾语，rob sb. of sth 其中sth做of的宾语，而steal sth from sb
13.D. By no means 决不，否定意义放在句首，句子用倒状句。
This is the first time ……句型中常用完成时态。
14.A. calling itself the league for peace.在句中做定语修饰主语 a group
15.D. all 做先行词用that引导定语从句，what不可以引导定语从句。What相当于一个名词加that。第二空的that与so连接so…… that表示如此。。。。以至

三十一
1．Your task is to change words so that the sentence__________.
A．1oses heart    B．makes sense    C．sets sail          D．takes it easy
2．Since you knew it，you________us about it earlier.
A．should have told                 B．should tell
C．would have told                 D．would tell
3．—Now that you like the car so much，why not drive it back?
—Well，I can’t afford_________car.
A．that big a     B．a that big       C．that a big         D．a big that  
4．I'd like to have this package________，madam.
A．be weighed    B．to be weighed   C．to weigh         D．weighed
5．We should not sacrifice environmental protection to__________economic growth.
A．concentrate      B．promote       C．associate         D．accumulate
6．Drama is a huge part of British culture and has been_________with great success to other parts of the world．   
A．delivered       B．performed      C．exported         D．shown 
7．Do you fear that you’ll_________into tears or shake with anger in front of her?
A．appeal         B．react           C．blame           D．burst
8．Whoever has________sense knows that smoking is harmful to people’s health.
A．normal        B．general         C．ordinary          D．common
9．The retired worker is very__________about nerghborhood affairs.
A．enthusiastic    B．athletic         C．energetic          D．symbolic
10．The government________to know how to deal with the violence.
A．suffered losses  B．1ost a loss      C．was at a loss       D．was lost
11．Early________of a disease can prevent death and illness．
A．edition        B．immigration     C．identification      D．starvation
12．Mankind’s knowledge of the universe has increased_________measure．
A．throughout     B．within          C．despite          D．beyond
13．There was__________that thirteen people in all had taken part in planning the murder．   
A．account        B．certificate       C．evidence         D．concept
14．Mrs. White bough a___________ wallet for her husband.
A．small black leather                  B．black leather small
C．small leather black                  D．black small leather
15．After 15 years in the USA，he has finally decided to__________American citizenship.
A．concentrate on   B．apply for       C．1ook out for       D．appeal to 

1．B
2．A
3．A
4．D
5．B
6．C
7．D
8．D
9．A
10．C
11．C
12．D
13．C
14．A
15．B






三十二
   1．—You must obey every word of mine!
        一               I don’t?
       A．How about      B. What if    C．So what  D．what about
   2．The major world powers are afraid of            in the weapon race．
      A．falling behind           B．falling down
      C. being left alone           D．being  left  behind
   3．The rich only         themselves with making money and had no eye for the needs and welfare of their workers．
      A．occupied    B．concerned    C．enjoyed       D. devoted
   4．Let’s hope the sunny weather         for Saturday’s tennis match．
      A. keeps up     B．picks up       C．closes up      D．clears up
   5. If you want to see a doctor, you fix a date with him ahead of time．That is a common        in the USA.
A．sense       B．practice        C．rule          D．reality   
6．一Where do you prefer to work after graduation?  
        一I’ve made up my mind to go          I’m most needed．
        A. where       B．to where        C.to the place     D.to which
  7．He looked at us hopefully and said“         all of you succeed this time．I will be  waiting for good news from  you．”
      A．wish       B．hope          C．may             D．will
 8．After floods had destroyed crops and houses，the farmers in the village were         food and shelter．
      A．in favour of   B．in hope of     C．in charge of      D．in want of
  9．The results of this research can       to new developments in technology.
      A．be applied    B．be appealed    C．be accustomed    D．be added
  10．Why she wants to go and live there alone is quite        me.
      A．over         B．out of         C. beyond           D．up to
   11．Your performance in the driving test didn't reach the required standard-          , you failed.
      A．in the end     B．after all       C.in other words      D．in all
 12．I can't tell you the exact time when I’ll get there，maybe at eight or a nine or later.        ,I’ll be there as early as I can．
A．anyhow      B．However       C．Thus            D. Therefore
    13. Mr. Barret doesn’t think that all bad language should be allowed，In his opinion，there are         that should be kept up．
      A．degrees       B．1evels       C limits               D．standards
    14．Children under six are not         to school except those of extraordialy intelligence.
        A．permitted    B．admitted        C．accepted        D．received
   15．Paper produced every year is three times        the world’s production of vehicles.
        A．as heavier as  B．more heavier    C．of the weight of   D．the weight of
参考答案1-5 BAAAB    6-10 ACDAC      11-15 CADBD     

三十三
1．—Are you ready to leave?
	—Almost ,Just as soon as I        putting the clean dishes away.
	A．get through	B．give up	C．carry out 	D．set about
2．What       fun it is to walk alone with       full moon hanging in the sky.
	A．a ;the	B．a; /	C．the; a	D．/; a
3．—Have you ever read The Brief History of Time?
	—Yes . While in Britain ,I       it a couple of times.
	A．have read	B．read	C．had read	D．was reading
4．—       I book a table for dinner in advance?
	—Yes ,you       .The restaurant is always full of people.
	A．Must ; can	B．Will; will	C．Shall ;need	D．Shall ;must
5．Listening to the lecture given by Professor Stephen Hawking is an exciting moment ,       
    I’m looking forward to.
	A．what	B．it	C．one	D．that
6．There is no doubt       you will be welcomed warmly.
	A．how	B．why	C．if	D．that
7．Construction of the new hospital is       according to the timetable.
	A．marching	B．achieving	C．progressing	D．moving
8．Prizes have been given to those       they think to be worthy of praise.
	A．whom	B．whomever	C．who	D．whoever
9．Among these ships are one       to us.
	A．belonged	B．belonging	C．belongs	D．belong
10．Soon the thief was caught and fined five times       he should have paid.
	A．as many money as	B．the amount of money
	C．the money as 		D．more money as 
11．—I never thought the film would be so bad.
	—       .
	A．No ,neither did I		B．Yes ,I also never thought 
	C．Yes ,so did I 		D．No ,I didn’t neither
12．—What shall I do with this passage?
	—Just       the main idea of it .
	A．finding out	B．found out 	C．find out	D．to find out 
13．       anxious,       your language acquisition while you are learning a foreign language.
	A．The less ;the more	B．The less ;the better
	C．The more ;the more	D．The more ;the fewer
14．The answer is connected with the main use       the body makes of food—to supply the energy for movement.
	A．where	B．why	C．what	D．which
15．He stopped at a notice which        “No       before 12 noon”.
	A．read ;admission		B．wrote; permission
	C．said; appreciation		D．says; consideration
参考答案1—5：ADBDC  6—10：DCABB  11—15：ACBDA 

三十四
1. The purpose of the new plan is to make life easier, ______ it more difficult.
   A. not make     B. not to make    C. not making   D. do not make
2. —— It seems impossible for you to cover that long distance!
—— In no way ______ give up.
A. shall I      B. must I     C. I shall     D. I will
3. The French pianist who had been praised very highly______ to be a great disappointment.
   A. turned up       B. turned in        C. turned down      D. turned out
4. Please don’t forget him. He is one of______.
A. those invited    B. invited those      C. those inviting    D. inviting those
5. I’m ______ that the______ story made everybody sad.
	A. surprising, moving    	B. surprised, moved  
	C. surprised, moving  		D. surprising, moved
6. ______ he failed in the important exam made his parents______.
A. What, disappointed           B. What, disappointing
    C. That, disappointed            D. That, to be disappointed
7. ______ came______ all the prisoners were set free.
   A. Words, that      B. Word, if     C. Word, that     D. Words, what
8. This is a new kind of machine______ parts are all made by ourselves.
	A. which	B. that	C. those	D. whose
9. He asked me what ______.
   A. was the matter      B. the matter was    C. is the matter   D. the matter is
10. It was only later ______ people realized his greatness.
  	A. which       B. who  	C. what     D. that
11. At the end of this meeting, they ______ an agreement that both sides should respect each other.
A. arrived      B. held       C. reached         D. touched
12. She is a strange girl and sometimes her ideas are hard ______.
A. to be understood    B. to understand     C. understanding    D. understood
参考答案1-5 BADAC      6-10 CCDAD      11-12 CB

三十五
1．--Hello! May I speak to Jack, please?
--Yes, speaking.
--Oh, I _______ your voice at first.
	A．don’t recognize	B．didn’t recognize	C．hadn’t recognize	D．haven’t recognized
2．Other men live to eat, ________ I eat to live.
	A．and	B．when	C．while	D．or
3．--Sam speaks _________ English like a native. I always admire him.
    --Now he is learning _________ more difficult language ---Arabic.
	A．an; a	B．/; the	C．/; a	D．the; a
4．I like the idea that cattle _________ run away when you hunt them
	A．don’t	B．doesn’t	C．didn’t	D．hadn’t
5．The kind of humor I like is the thing ________ makes me laugh for five seconds and think for ten minutes.
	A．that	B．/	C．what	D．it
6．I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to _________.
	A．have sense	B．do sense	C．take sense	D．make sense
7．He is _________ scolding his child, which is not a good way to educate him.
	A．often	B．usually	C．always	D．frequently
8．--Tom isn’t here now.
    --________ left by the back door?
	A．Must he have	B．Had he 	C．Can he have	D．Should he have
9．We prefer to die a hero, ________ live a slave.
	A．more than	B．other than	C．rather than	D．better than
10．--What happened to Mr. Smith early this morning?
    --Oh, he was seen ________ down and the driver __________ away.
	A．knock, drive	B．knocking, driving	C．knocked, drove	D．to knock, driven
11．Look at the pictures and see if you can __________ the man who attacked you.
	A．point at	B．point to	C．point out	D．point up
12．Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they ________ to do with it.
	A．don’t have anything	B．didn’t have anything
	C．have nothing		D．had had nothing
13．Don’t be too __________ about things you are not supposed to know.
	A．strange	B．amusing	C．curious	D．satisfied
14．We’ll build more houses like this in the years ________.
	A．coming	B．come	C．to come	D．will come
15．As the proverb ________, an enemy in disguise(伪装) is a wolf in sheep’s ________.
	A．lies; dress	B．says; clothes	C．speaks; cloth	D．goes; clothing
参考答案：1—5 BCCAA  6—10 DCCCC  11—15 CBCCD

三十六
1．—Wow ,your homework looks great!
	—I         it on my computer.
	A．did 	B．do	C．will do 	D．had done
2．I try to make him understand that I’m not interested in him ,but he never gets the        .
	A．information	B．news	C．message	D．word
3．The new type of cellphone         better if it is advertised on TV.
	A．will sell	B．sells	C．would sell	D．sold
4．Some people waste a lot of food        others in the world haven’t enough to eat.
	A．after	B．when	C．as	D．while
5．Over 30,000 people        in the huge earthquake that occurred in India.
	A．have killed	B．were killed	C．killed	D．are killed
6．Would you please say your number again? I didn’t        just now.
	A．put it down 	B．put it up	C．put it out 	D．put it off
7．—I have taken someone else’s T-shirt by mistake. Is it Jane’s ?
	—It        be hers . She seldom wears red.
	A．won’t 	B．can’t 	C．needn’t 	D．mustn’t
8．        by his grandparents , Jimmy wasn’t used to living with his parents.
	A．To bring up	B．To be brought up	C．Brought up 	D．Being brought up
9．In Shenzhou VI ,Chinese astronauts aren’t only spaceship drivers,       machine repairers and scientists.
	A．so	B．or	C．and	D．but
10．—I think you have too much luggage ,don’t you?
	—Yes. But it’s not easy to decide what to         behind.
	A．take	B．turn 	C．keep 	D．leave
11．To test which foods are better for a long space journey ,the astronauts in Shenzhou VI had as many as 50 dishes        .
	A．to choose	B．to be chosen	C．to choose from 	D．to be chosen from 
12．A good ad often uses words        people attach positive meanings.
	A．in which	B．to which	C．which	D．that
13．Peter has been out of work for half a year, so he wants to         a job in this company .
	A．prepare for	B．apply for	C．wait for 	D．care for
14．—How long are you staying there?
	—        depends.
	A．It	B．Anything	C．This	D．Everything
15．In which play of Shakespeare’s is it         Viola appears?
	A．where	B．which	C．who	D．that

参考答案：1—5：ACADB  6—10：ABCDD  11—15：CBBAD  

三十七
1．Before building a house, you will have to _________ the government’s permission.
	A．get from	B．follow	C．receive	D．ask for
2．The doctor advised Vera strongly that she should take a holiday, but _______ didn’t help.
	A．it 	B．she	C．which	D．he
3．He        have completed his work; otherwise, he wouldn’t be enjoying himself by the seaside.
	A．should	B．must	C．wouldn’t	D．can’t
4. There _________ be any difficulty about passing the road test since you have practiced a lot in the driving school.
A. mustn’t  	B. shan’t	C. shouldn’t	D. needn’t
5．When         help, one often says “Thank you.” or “It’s kind of you.”
	A．offering	B．to offer	C．to be offered	D．offered
6. He hurried to the station only ______ that the train had left.
  A. to find              B. finding           C. found           D. to have found
7．       in a white uniform , he looks more like a cook than a doctor .
	A．Dressed 	B．To dress 	C．Dressing 	D．Having dressed 
8．I was surprised by her words , which made me recognize        silly mistakes I had made .
	A．what 	B．that 	C．how 	D．which 
9. I'm moving to the countryside because the air there is much fresher than________ in the city.
A. ones             B. one              C. that               D. those
10. In our childhood, we were often _______ by Grandma to pay attention to our table manners.
A. demanded        B. reminded         C. allowed            D. hoped
11. The place _______ the bridge is supposed to be built should be ________the cross-river traffic is the heaviest.
A. which; where                         B. at which; which
C. at which; where                      D. which; in which
12 .---- Don't you think it necessary that he _______ to Miami but to New York?
---- I agree, but the problem is ________ he has refused to.
A. will not be sent; that                  B. not be sent; that
C. should not be sent; what              D. should not send; what
13．The manager, _______ it clear to us that he didn’t agree with us, left the meeting room.
	 A．who has made	B．having made	C．made	D．making
14．—Must I turn off the gas after cooking ?
    —Of course . You can never be          careful with that .
	A．enough 	B．too 	C．so 	D．very
15．Nowadays, a large number of women, especially those from the countryside, _________ in the clothing industry.
	A．is working 	B．works	C．work	D．worked
16．In the dark forests ________, some large enough to hold several English towns.
	A．stand many lakes		B．lie many lakes
	C．many lakes lie		D．many lakes stand
17.	With more forests being destroyed, huge quantities of good earth ______ each year.
	A. is washing away							B. is being washed away
	C. are washing away							D. are being washed away
18.	The country life he was used to ______ greatly since 1992.
	A. change		B. has changed		C. changing		D. have changed
The president spoke at the business meeting for nearly an hour without _________ his notes.
	A．bringing up	B．referring to 	C．looking for       	 D．trying on
20. _________ I explained on the phone, your request will be considered at the next meeting.
	A．When	B．After 	C．As                D．Since 
21. It is almost five years           we saw each other last time.
A. before        B. since         C. after       D. when
22. There is no light in the dormitory. They must have gone to the lecture, ________?
A. didn't they   B. don't they   C. mustn't they    D. haven't they
23. I'm going to the supermarket this afternoon. Do you have anything ________?
A. to be buying   B. to buy  C. for buying   D. to be bought
24. Along with the letter was his promise ________ he would visit me this coming Christmas. 
A. which      B. that         C. what        D. whether
25．You must keep on working in the evening, ______ you are sure you can finish the task in time
A．as           	B．if          	C．when 	D．unless
26.         recent report stated that the number of Spanish speakers in the U.S. would be higher than the number of English speakers by         year 2090.
A. A; the         B. A;不填      C. The;不填       D. The; a
27．While watching television, __________.
	A．the doorbell rang 	B．the doorbell rings
	C．we heard the doorbell ring	D．we heard the doorbell rings
28．－Shall we go to the art exhibition right away?
   －       . 
A．It’s your opinion   	B．I don’ t mind    
C．It’s all up to you   	D．That’s your decision
29. _________ in the regulations that you should not tell other people the password of your e-mail account.
A. What is required   B. What requires	C. It is required	D. It requires 
30. Some researchers believe that there is no doubt ______ a cure for AIDS will be found.
   A. which              B. that              C. what             D. whether

答案：(1-5)DABCD  (6-10)AAACB  (11-15)CBBBC (16-20)BDBBC (21-25)BDDBD (26-30)ACCCB

三十八
1. ---When are you leaving for Hong Kong?
   ---I don’t know. __________.
   A. It doesn’t matter      B. Never mind   C. That’s OK    D. It depends
2. ____________ the law should be punished.
   A. Anyone breaks  B. Whoever breaks  C. No matter who breaks  D. Those break
3. It is believed that the college tuition fee will certainly ________the difficulty of a poor family.
   A. add to     B. add up     C. add up to    D. add 
4. He might not come this evening. __________, we won’t hold the party.
   A. In any case    B. In case     C. In that case     D. In no case 
5. ---I got the first prize in the English competition.
   ---This ____________ a celebration!
   A. calls on    B. calls off     C. calls up     D. calls for 
6.--- Do you mind my turning on the air-conditioner?
  ---Well, I’d rather you __________.
    A. didn’t    B. don’t    C. won’t   D. haven’t 
7. We’re sure to win the entrance examination ___________ next year.
   A. held    B. being held    C. to be held    D. having been held
8. When you read the reference book, you’d better make a mark _______ you have any doubts.
    A. which   B. in which    C. where    D. in where 
9. If you run after two hares, you will catch __________.
    A. neither    B. either     C. both    D. each
10. I couldn’t afford the ticket, so I had to watch the __________TV broadcast of Sun Nan’s concert at home.
    A. lively     B. live    C. alive   D. living  
11. Mr. Chen said the revision would be finished by January, ________ ,personally , I doubt very much. 
  A. it    B. that    C. which  D. what 
12. It was my ___________that your cell phone was stolen.
   A. mistake    B. problem    C. error     D. fault  
13. We can gain _______ knowledge of the past events by studying history.
  A. /    B. the    C. a     D. an 
14. To go to school before 6:30 to read English seems to a rule ___________.
   A. never to be broken     B. never to be breaking  
   C. never to have broken    D. never to been broken 
15. ----How are you getting along with your English study ?
   ----So far ________.
    A. so well      B. as well   C. quite well     D. so good
16. The girl wanted to end her life and ________all her worries in her world.
   A. get away from   B. take away from   C. keep away from  D. break away from 
17. You can’t imagine the difficulty I have ___________the problem!
   A. to solve   B. solved   C. solving    D.  solve 
18. ______so many people communicating in English every day, it will become more and more important to use English freely.
   A. As   B. With    C. Because   D. If 
19. Why? I have nothing to confess. I really have no idea ____________you want me to say.
   A. that what it is  B. what is it that    C. what it is that    D. that it is what 
20. The leaders discussed the plan they would like to see______ the coming week.
    A. carry out   B. carrying out   C. to carry out   D. carried out 
21. He ________ fault with me. How can we get on well with each other?
   A. always finds    B. is always finding   C. has always found  D. will always find
22. The water level of the river _________by l metre after the heavy rain.
    A. rose    B. was risen     C. raised     D. was raised
23. Following the _________ success in every field in the 20th century, China will make even greater progress.
    A. history-made     B. history-making    C. making-history   D. made-history
24. The smile on Dad’s face suggested that he ________ satisfied with what his son had done.
   A. should be     B. is     C. was      D. be 
25. I’ll never forget the poor village ________ we visited during the summer vacation.
  A. that     B. where       C. to which     D. in which  
26. The old photo brought the hours back to me ______I was a primary school student in that far-away town.
    A. until     B. that    C. when       D. who
27. I’m not sure what the girl’s _______in the play is, but I think she will act the heroine.
     A. actress    B. performance    C. role    D. demonstration 
28. So far 6 Chinese Americans have been _____the Nobel Prize for their outstanding contribution to science.
    A. rewarded    B. awarded    C. shown    D. offered 
29. Zhong Nanshan made another wonderful discovery, _______ of great value to study SARS.
    A. which I think is   B. which I think it is    C. I think it is    D. I think is 
30.---What about having a drink?
   ---____________.
     A. Me, too     B. Go ahead, please    C. Help yourself     D. Good idea

单项选择  DBACD   ACCAB    CDCAD    ACBCD    BABCA    CCBAD

三十九
1. ----Would you please lend me the dictionary?---- ____.
A. You are welcome   B. Not at all    C. Thank you   D. Here you are
2. Five apples are not enough for them, they need ____.
A. three another    B. three other     C. three more  D. three more than
3. ----Where ____ the dictionary? I can't see it anywhere.
----I ____ it right here. But now it's missing.
A. did you put; have put   B. have you put; put  C. had you put; was putting  D. were you putting; have put
4. ----Where is Mary?    
----At ____.
A. Mr. Brown's   B. the Browns    C. Mr. Browns   D. the Mr. Browns'
5. What the boy ____ make his friends happy.
A. does did    B. did did    C. do do    D. do does
6. Is this school ____ you studied at ten years ago?
A. which      B. that       C. where    D. the one
7. ----It's too late now. I think it's time for me to leave.  ---- ____.
A. Good idea   B. Good night  C. Good evening   D. Really
8. ----The cake smells delicious.    ---- ____.
A. So does it    B. So it does    C. So is the cake   D. So it is
9. I ____ my father ____ and he did so.
A. advised; to stop smoking      B. tried to persuade; to give off smoking
C. persuaded; to give up smoking   D. suggested; to stop to smoke.
10. Grandpa is old, but he is still very ____.
A. living    B. alive    C. strong    D. younger
11. Can you ____ me ten dollars? I'll pay it ____ to you tomorrow.
A. borrow; off    B. lend; off   C. borrow; back    D. lend; back
12. ----Have a nice holiday!   ---- ____.  
A. The same as you   B. You do, too   C. The same to you   D. The same with you
13. “Is there anyone in your class ____ the name of Mary? ”____. 
A. whose; No     B. her; None    C. by; No one    D. called; Nobody
14. The girl ____ a beautiful skirt has told me the news. Which is not right?
A. wearing      B. dressed in     C. in     D. having on
15. They told us that these small apples are often sweeter than big ____.
A. those     B. one     C. that      D. ones
参考答案
1. D表示“给你”。
2. C three more表示“再多三个”。
3. B
4. A Mr. Brown's = The Browns' “在布朗先生家”。
5. B第一个did做主语从句的谓语, 第二个did是主句谓语的强调形式。
6. D此处的 the one = the school, 在定语从句中充当 at的宾语, 故定语从句中的关系代词that/which省略了。
7. B Good-night意思是“晚安”。
8. B So it does = Indeed it smells delicious.
9. C
10. B alive此处意思是“有活力”。
11. D pay sb. money back = pay money back to sb. 表示“还某人的钱”或“偿付（借款）”。pay sb. off表示“付清工资解雇某人”和“偿清（欠款）”。
12. C 双方同时度假, 互相祝愿时用语。
13. C by the name of× ××=whose name is×××= who is called×××。当被问及“有没有人”或“谁”时, 你要回答“no one”或“nobody”。
14. D此题四项都表示“穿着”这一含义, 但“have on”没有进行时, 因而也没有现在分词形式做后置定语。
15. D此题中big ones = big apples, 泛指。the big ones = the big apples, 特指。

四十
1．—Could I ask you a rather personal question?  
—________ 
A．Yes, don’t worry．				B．Of course, go ahead．
C．Yes, help yourself．				D．Of course, why not?
2．Teaching _______ child to cook will improve many of the skills that he or she will need later in _______ life． 
    A．不填；the		B．a；不填		C．a；the		D．the；a
3．If your wages are small, they’ll be free ________ income tax． 
A．with			B．about			C．to			D．of
4．Liu Dehua has set up a new record, that is, the sales of his last record ______ 100 million．    A．have reached	B．has reached	C．are reaching	D．is reaching
5．The seller would sell the skirt for fifty dollars, but the customer _______ only half the price.    A．asked			B．charged		C．sold			D．offered
6．—Why didn’t you try your best to get on the bus?
—I tried to , but _______ I could, it started moving． 
A．until			B．when			C．before		D．after
7．It is certain that he will ________ his father’s business when he is experienced enough．
A．take over		B．think over		C．hand over		D．go over
8．I hate _______ when young people speak to the elderly in a rude way． 
A．this			B．that			C．it			D．one
9．Word comes that free souvenirs (纪念品) will be given to _______ comes first． 
A．no matter whom				B．whomever
C．no matter who					D．whoever
10．_______ your savings so fast, or you’ll end up as a beggar． 
A．Stop to spend					B．To stop to spend
C．Stop spending					D．Stopping spending
11．It was with great joy _______ he received the news that his best friend would come to Beijing．  
    A．because		B．which		C．since			D．that
12．Jane went off to the party with her husband, _______ a happy evening of wine, food and song．     A．expected		B．expecting		C．to expect		D．expects
13．—Excuse me．Is this the right way to the Summer Palace?
—Sorry, I’m not sure．But it _______ be．
A．might		B．will			C．must			D．can
14．Shirley said that she would have a two-week holiday in July, ______ I think, is impossible．    
A．it			B．that			C．when			D．which
15．Although she doesn’t like to live in the country, ______ , she goes there for a picnic．    
A．once upon a time				    B．some time
	C．once in a while					D．from now on

参考答案1-5BBDAD     6-10CACDC    11-15DBADC  

四十一
1. He will _____ our class to sing at the school singing contest.
A. take place of 	B. stand for       	C. represent     	D. representative of 
2. The two boys fought and fought until one ______.
A. gave up    	B. gave in      		C. gave 			D. gave off  
3. Wang Mei is one of many Chinese teenagers _____ “on the go”
A. who lives life	B. who live life		C. that lives living	D. that live living
4. Who is it up ____ decide whether to go or not?
A. to to			B. to 				C. for to			D. to for
5. Whenever I go to Beijing, ____ is quite frequent, I will go to visit the Great Wall.
A. where			B. which				C. as it			D. it
6. She said she would spend her holiday ___ Beijing.
A. on			B. at					C. in				D. for
7. She locked her room _____ a thief would break into it.
A. in case that		B. for fear that			C. in case of		D. for fear of
8. As far as I know, this man ____ risk anything than lose the ring for his wife.
A. would rather   B. had better          C. preferred  		D. would like to 
9. ___ nice, the food was sold out soon.
A. Tasted			B. Tasting			C. To taste		D. Being tasted  
10. In my opinion, all Mr. White ___ good to his students in his class at present. He is very strict in their study. 
A. does does does						B. does do do
C. does does do						D. did do does  
11. We should think of ways to stop the waste from the factory _____ our living environment. 
A. being polluted	B. polluting			C. from being polluted	D. polluted
12. Now there are many _____ in our company.
A. woman doctor						B. women doctor
C. woman doctors						D. women doctors
13. He waited until it was dark ____ nobody could see him clearly.
A. so that         B. in order to        C. although           D. however
14. When he knocked at the door, my mother was busy ____ supper.
A. preparing for      					B. in preparing
C. to prepare for         				D. to prepare
15. He was born ____ a very cold night _____ December. 
A. in; in 			B. In; of				C. on; in				D. on; of
答案：1—5 CBBAB	6—10 CBABC	11—15 BDABD
1. C take place of 短语不完整，take the place of意思是“代替…位置”； represent“作为…的代表”； stand for“作为…的标志、符号等”。
2. B give up放弃；give in屈服，让步；give away分发，发出；give off发出。
3. B确良one of + 名词/ 代词接定语从句时，先行词是前面的名词或代词，而不是one，因此可排除选项A、C；再根据live做及物动词时接life做同源宾语，故答案选B。
4. A 该特殊疑问句可还原成：It is up to somebody to decide whether to go or not. 再就somebody进行提问，答案就一目了然了。
5. B 根据句子结构可知，非限制性定语从句说明前面的事情，故答案选B。
6. C 表示在某地方时，用介词in。故答案选C。
7. B 根据句子结构，因介词of不能引导句子，从而排除C、D；再看in case that强调客观的一种可能性，而for fear that强调主观害怕的心理。故答案选B。
8. A would rather do something than do something 和 prefer to do something than do something都属于固定结构。应注意其搭配。
9. B nice 为形容词，故taste为连系动词，连系动词无被动形式，所以用现在分词表原因状语。
10. C Mr. White does为定语从句修饰all。后面的does do是谓语动词的强调形式。
11. B 根据“废物”与“环境”的关系，“废物”污染“环境”，为主动发出的动作，故答案选B。
12. D woman / man 修饰单数名词时用单数形式；修饰复数名词时用复数形式。故答案选D。
13. A 目的状语从句要用in order that或so that引导。
14. B “be busy (in)doing something” 忙于干谋士，要求接动词的-ing形式。准备的直接宾语是“supper”,故其前面不用介词for。
15. D 特指某具体的一天、某天的上午、下午、晚上等都用介词on；而某月的某天用介词of，故答案选D。

四十二
1.This couple have strange habits. He’d like to sleep with the lamp burning and his wife with the window____.
  A. wide open 		B. widely open		C. wide opened		D. widely opened
2. It was _____ cold winter night,____ pale moon hung low in ____ sky.
  A. a; the ; a 		B. the; the; a			C. a; a; the 			D. the; the; the
3. ---- I think this the sweater you need.
   ---- _______.
  A. I think I should be more careful			B. I’m sorry I can’t take it
  C. But would you mind if I looked at some other sweaters before I try this on?
  D. No, I’d better go.
4. ---- My sister is a typist at a foreign firm.
   ---- I know this sort of work _____ skill and speed.
  A. asks for 			B. calls for			C. looks for 			D. waits for
5. Mary can’t attend the party _____ at Tom’s house at present ______ at Jenny’s house tomorrow.
  A. being held; to be held					B. to be held; held		
C. held; being held						D. to be held; to be held
6. ---- Why didn’t you put your cellphone in your overcoat pocket?
   ---- I _____, but I was afraid it would be stolen.
  A. had put			B. put				C. would have			D. could have
7. China has produced many great writers over the last ten years, ____ Mo yan.
  A. among them was						B. among whom was		
C. in which was							D. among whom were
8. Jenney liked Fred ______ all the boys he was the most honest one.
  A. because			B. because of 			C. as				D. for that
9. ---- Did you see the movie last night?
   ---- No, I’d like _____, but I _____ too busy to go.
  A. to have; was		B. to have; had been 	C. to go; am			D. to; was
10. Thank you for the great trouble ____ help me with my computer.
  A. that you have taken to 					B. you have had to		
C. you paid and							D. that you have made to
11. At this time tomorrow_____ over the Atlantic.
  A. we’re going to fly	B. we’ll be flying		C. we’ll fly			D. we’re to fly
12. It _____ that John was ______ than any other student in his class.
  A. believe; less bright  					B. was believed; less bright  
C. believed; more bright 					D. was believed; more brighter
13. ---- Do you know that woman in blue?
   ---- Of course, she is kind and always _____ beautiful smiles on her face.
  A. having on		B. wears				C. put on				D. dresses
14. ---- Do you think _____ seems to be any need for us to get there?
   ---- Yes, I think so.
  A. it				B. this 				C. what				D. there
15. ---- I really need to talk with you._______.
   ---- Certainly, what’s wrong?
  A. Where are you going?					B. Can you spare me a few minutes?
  C. What shall I tell you?					D. When are you free?
Key:1-5 ACCBA  6-10 CBBAA  11-15 BBBDB

四十三
1. ---- I haven’t found any money though I’ve searched the drawer bottom up.
   ---- Then, I’m afraid there is ______ left.
  A. nothing		    B. no one		    C. none		D. neither
2. The novel “The Da Vinci Code” ______ a great success and was translated into 44 languages in 2004.
  A. appreciated		B. enjoyed		C. won		D. seized
3. ______ is reported in the newspaper is that seventeen climbers have been killed in the snow tsunami.
  A. It		        B. As	        C. What		D. That
4. This is the small house less than 15 square meters, under ______ roof lives a large family of three generations.
  A. which		    B. that		    C. its		D. whose
5. From the top of the building, you can see at least ______ distance of 100 kilometers on ______ clear day.
  A. a; the		    B. /; a		    C. the; a		D. a; a
6. ---- Did you pass the driving test?
   ---- No. I ______ it, but I had little time practising.
  A. could have passed		B. must have passed
  C. can’t have passed		D. shouldn’t have passed
7. ---- Have you ever visited the Opera House?
   ---- Yes. When I was in Sydney, I ______ it twice.
  A. have visited		B. visited		    C. had visited		D. would visit
8. He once worked in a company, ______ he went abroad for further study.
  A. from which		B. after that		C. after which		D. from this
9. I haven’t seen ________ Maggie since I came here.
A. as lovely a girl as	B. so a lovely girl as     C. girl as lovely as	D. as a lovely girl as
10. A cup of water          you will feel better.
A. or	B. but	C. so	D. and
11. Take an umbrella when you go to Guangzhou because it rains _____ there.  
　A. many times　　 B. frequently 　　C. over again　　 D. enough  
12. Let’s hope the fine weather ______ for Sunday’s camping trip.
  A. keeps up	B. picks up	C. carries on	D. puts up 
13. _______ two compositions to write, you have to work really hard this weekend.
  A. With	B. Besides	C. As for	D. Because of
14. The fruit _______ fresh in his fruit stand sells well.
  A. looking	B. looked	C. look	D. to be looked 
15. To his disappointment, the opinion he had stuck ______ out wrong.
A. to turn	B. to turning	C. to turned	D. to be turned

Keys 1-5. CBCDD  6-10. ABCAD  11-15. BAAAC
四十四
1. -----Can I get you a cup of coffee?   
---- ___________ .
A. With pleasure.  					B. You can please.	   
C. That’s very nice of you.			D. Thank you for the coffee.
He was extremely successful in his _______ to write music that would please ordinary people.
A. admiration	  B. ambition		C. motivation		D. reputation
Wang Lin is poor in English, ________ with Zhang Ying.
A. it is the same						B. as it is
   C. so is								D. as is the case
His failure in last year’s exam led him _____ hard and I’m sure he is on the way ______ success.
A. to work, leading to					B. working, leading 
C. working, to lead to					D. to work, leading
5. ------Look at the black clouds. It      soon.    
------Sure, if only we      out. 
A. is raining; didn’t come	B. is to rain; won’t start
C. will rain; haven’t started	D. is going to rain; hadn’t come
6. ------They don’t have much in their house yet.
------         they’re planning to live here only until their daughter goes to college, they don’t want to buy much furniture.
A. While	B. Although	C. Since	D. As far as
7. ________ for money for drug, the crazy young man robbed the women passing the dark narrow lane.
	A. Be desperate		B. Desperate
	C. Desperated		D. Being desperated
8. The salaries of American judges are rather low ________ the allowance _______ to judicial officers in Europe.
	A. compared with; offering	B. comparing with; offered
	C. in comparison to; offering	D. in comparison with; offered
9. History ________ many cases ________ settlers moved into areas that belonged to other people.
	A. counts; in which		B. count; that
	C. counts; which		D. counting; in which
10. Hubei province is        north of Hunan; Wuhan, its capital city, lies       ________ the Changjiang River.
	A. to ; on	B. in the; in 	C. 不填;on	D. to the; in
11. Della turned all of her pockets inside out only to find $ 1.87 ________ buy Jim a present for Christmas.
	A. with what to 		B. with which she can
	C. in which to 		D. with which to 
12. Whether we are out to set a new record ourselves or simply enjoy reading about champions, the Guinness Book of World Records ________ interesting reading.
	A. makes of		B. makes from 
	C. makes for		D. makes into
13. Honesty is ________ he is born with.
	A. that	B. which	C. what	D. when
14. The __________ question for him is to ________ whether bees could tell each other the exact position of a feeding place.
	A. remaining; find out	B. remained; find out
	C. remaining; find		D. remained; look for
15.          the people have become masters of their own country that science can really serve the people.
A. Only then		B. It is only when	
C. Only when		D. It is only then
答案1~15 CBDAD/ CBDAC/ DCCAB
