## Chapter 5

**-We are warned as to the dangers of the baobabs 猴面包树**

As each day passed I would learn, in our talk, something about the little prince's planet, his departure from it, his journey. The information would come very slowly, as it might chance to fall from his thoughts. It was in this way that I heard, on the third day, about the catastrophe (disaster, 大灾难; 大祸) of the baobabs.

随着一天天过去，从我和小王子的交谈中，我了解到一些他的星球，出走和旅行的事。信息拼凑起来很慢，都是从他的只言片语中偶然知晓的。就这样，第三天我听说了面包树的灾难。

This time, once more, I had the sheep to thank for it. For the little prince asked me abruptly — as if seized by a grave doubt — 

"It is true, isn’t it, that sheep eat little bushes?"

"Yes, that is true."

"Ah! I am glad!"

I did not understand why it was so important that sheep should eat little bushes.But the little prince added: "Then it follows that they also eat baobabs?"

I pointed out to the little prince that baobabs were not little bushes, but, on the contrary, trees as big as castles; and that even if he took a whole herd of elephants away with him, the herd would not eat up (eat it all, 吃光) one single baobab. 

这一次，又是小羊的事情，小王子看起来非常担忧的样子，突然地问我：『羊会吃小的灌木，是真的吗？』

『是的，没错。』

『啊！那太好啦！』

我不明白为什么羊吃小的灌木会如此重要，小王子接着说：『那它也会吃猴面包树吗？』

我告诉他说猴面包树不属于小的灌木，相反，它有城堡那么高大，即便你带回去一群大象，也不见得能吃光一棵猴面包树。

The idea of the herd of elephants made the little prince laugh.

"We would have to put them one on top of the other," he said.

But he made a wise comment: "Before they grow so big, the baobabs start out by being little."

"That is strictly correct," I said. "But why do you want the sheep to eat the little baobabs?"

He answered me at once, "Oh, come, come!", as if he were speaking of something that was self-evident.And I was obliged to make a great mental effort to solve this problem, without any assistance.

小王子听到我说一群大象，笑了起来,『那我将不得不把他们一头头的摞起来』。

他又很聪明的说了一句，『在猴面包树长大前，他们也是小小一棵。』

『当然没错』，我问他，『可是为什么希望小羊去吃小的猴面包树呢？』

他马上回答我说：『噢，当然啦！』好像他说的这些事情是不言而喻的。我不得不自己想破脑壳去弄懂这些问题。

Indeed, as I learned, there were on the planet where the little prince lived — as on all planets — good plants and bad plants. In consequence , there were good seeds from good plants, and bad seeds from bad plants. But seeds are invisible. They sleep deep in the heart of the earth's darkness, until some one among them is seized with the desire to awaken. Then this little seed will stretch itself and begin — timidly  at first — to push a charming little sprig inoffensively upward toward the sun. If it is only a sprout of radish or the sprig of a rosebush, one would let it grow wherever it might wish. But when it is a bad plant, one must destroy it as soon as possible, the very first instant (moment) that one recognizes it.



Now there were some terrible seeds on the planet that was the home of the little prince; and these were the seeds of the baobab.

The soil of that planet was infested 大批出没 with them. A baobab is something you will never, never be able to get rid of if you attend to 处理, 照料 it too late. It spreads over the entire planet. It bores 钻孔; 挤过去clear through it with its roots. And if the planet is too small, and the baobabs are too many,they split it in pieces...

"It is a question of discipline训练, 纪律," the little prince said to me later on (afterwards). "When you’ve finished your own toilet 梳洗 in the morning, then it is time to attend to the toilet of your planet, just so, with the greatest care. You must see to it that you pull up regularly all the baobabs, at the very first moment when they can be distinguished from the rosebushes which they resemble so closely in their earliest youth. It is very tedious (tiresome, boring) work," the little prince added, "but very easy." 

And one day he said to me: "You ought to make a beautiful drawing, so that the children where you live can see exactly how all this is. That would be very useful to them if they were to travel some day. Sometimes," he added, "there is no harm in putting off 推迟 a piece of work until another day. But when it is a matter of
baobabs, that always means a catastrophe. I knew a planet that was inhabited by a lazy man. He neglected three little bushes..." 

So, as the little prince described it to me, I have made a drawing of that planet. I do not much like to take the tone of a moralist 道德家,说教者. But the danger of the baobabs is so little understood, and such considerable 可观的 risks would be run (run the risk of 冒...危险 ) by anyone who might get lost on an asteroid, that for once I am breaking through my reserve 沉默 , 谨慎 . "Children," I say plainly, "watch out for the baobabs!"

My friends, like myself, have been skirting 回避 avoid, evade） this danger for a long time, without ever knowing it, and so it is for them that I have worked so hard over this drawing. The lesson which I pass on by this means is worth all the trouble it has cost me.

Perhaps you will ask me, "Why are there no other drawing in this book as magnificent and impressive as this drawing of the baobabs?"

The reply is simple. I have tried. But with the others I have not been successful. When I made the drawing of the baobabs I was carried beyond myself by the inspiring force of urgent necessity. 
